The most common genre in cl is trap latino.
The most common genre in tr is pop.
The most common genre in br is pop.
The most common genre in pl is pop.
The most common genre in vn is pop.
The most common genre in pt is pop.
The most common genre in pe is pop.
The most common genre in co is pop.
The most common genre in sg is pop.
The most common genre in za is pop.
The most common genre in kr is pop.
The most common genre in sv is pop.
The most common genre in mt is pop.
The most common genre in tw is pop.
The most common genre in in is desi pop.
The most common genre in us is pop.
The most common genre in do is pop.
The most common genre in ca is pop.
The most common genre in ma is pop.
The most common genre in cr is pop.
The most common genre in sa is pop.
The most common genre in be is pop.
The most common genre in ch is pop.
The most common genre in it is pop.
The most common genre in ec is pop.
The most common genre in ad is pop.
The most common genre in se is pop.
The most common genre in cy is pop.
The most common genre in gt is pop.
The most common genre in sk is pop.
The most common genre in ni is pop.
The most common genre in bg is pop.
The most common genre in hk is pop.
The most common genre in py is pop.
The most common genre in jp is pop.
The most common genre in at is pop.
The most common genre in ar is pop.
The most common genre in au is pop.
The most common genre in lt is pop.
The most common genre in ae is pop.
The most common genre in nl is pop.
The most common genre in lu is pop.
The most common genre in cz is pop.
The most common genre in ee is pop.
The most common genre in eg is pop.
The most common genre in ua is russian hip hop.
The most common genre in il is pop.
The most common genre in mx is pop.
The most common genre in ro is pop.
The most common genre in es is pop.
The most common genre in my is pop.
The most common genre in no is pop.
The most common genre in hu is pop.
The most common genre in th is pop.
The most common genre in ie is pop.
The most common genre in is is pop.
The most common genre in id is pop.
The most common genre in ph is pop.
The most common genre in gr is pop.
The most common genre in de is german hip hop.
The most common genre in fr is pop.
The most common genre in pa is pop.
The most common genre in hn is pop.
The most common genre in ru is russian hip hop.
The most common genre in nz is pop.
The most common genre in gb is pop.
The most common genre in fi is pop.
The most common genre in bo is pop.
The most common genre in uy is pop.
The most common genre in lv is pop.
The most common genre in dk is pop.

The most common genre is pop.
