The country with the most malang indie songs is id.
The country with the most jalsat songs is sa.
The country with the most hokkien pop songs is tw.
The country with the most indie rock peruano songs is pe.
The country with the most russelater songs is no.
The country with the most arrochadeira songs is br.
The country with the most mambo songs is cl.
The country with the most rock catala songs is es.
The country with the most concurso de talentos argentino songs is ar.
The country with the most musica triste brasileira songs is br.
The country with the most muziek voor kinderen songs is nl.
The country with the most chinderlieder songs is ch.
The country with the most malaysian tamil pop songs is my.
The genre vocal trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most zxc songs is ua.
The country with the most tamil hip hop songs is in.
The country with the most acid house songs is dk.
The genre east anglia indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italo dance songs is fi.
The country with the most chinese r&b songs is tw.
The genre melodic hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lastelaulud did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most groove metal songs is bg.
The genre viet edm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most south african deep house songs is za.
The genre libyan hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german black metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish trap songs is tr.
The genre nuevo folklore argentino did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chant religieux did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hindi hip hop songs is in.
The country with the most schweizer rap songs is ch.
The country with the most new orleans rap songs is lv.
The genre turk sanat muzigi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap cristao did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hardvapour did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most underground power pop songs is us.
The country with the most indonesian pop rock songs is id.
The genre lithuanian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most epicore songs is hu.
The country with the most funk carioca songs is br.
The country with the most nightrun songs is fi.
The country with the most cumbia peruana songs is pe.
The genre japanese melodic punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre taiwan instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre wandelweiser did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre franco-flemish school did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most modern jazz trio songs is tw.
The country with the most ghanaian alternative songs is nl.
The country with the most dance rock songs is gb.
The country with the most neoperreo songs is cl.
The genre jazz piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rogaland musikk songs is no.
The country with the most uk reggae songs is gb.
The country with the most oklahoma country songs is us.
The genre baroque singing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre adoracion pentecostal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most portuguese folk songs is pt.
The genre montana indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre synthwave brasileiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sydney indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre glitch beats did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sungura did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gauze pop songs is at.
The genre contrabass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre balochi pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre slovenian rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hardcore punk songs is pl.
The country with the most southern hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most scouse rap songs is gb.
The genre italian punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most forro de favela songs is br.
The country with the most rap paraguayo songs is py.
The genre folklore cuyano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre audiophile vocal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trance brasileiro songs is sa.
The country with the most german alternative rock songs is de.
The country with the most dutch trap songs is nl.
The country with the most bandung indie songs is id.
The country with the most dutch edm songs is nl.
The country with the most indie catala songs is es.
The genre mexican tech house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre austrian punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre portsmouth indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most modern country rock songs is us.
The country with the most vlaamse rap songs is be.
The country with the most belgian pop songs is be.
The country with the most norwegian folk rock songs is no.
The country with the most murcia indie songs is es.
The country with the most halloween songs is us.
The genre piano house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep full on did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ukrainian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cerkes muzikleri songs is sa.
The country with the most latin hip hop songs is cl.
The country with the most ghent indie songs is be.
The genre traditional folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bluegrass fiddle did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most zambian hip hop songs is kr.
The country with the most cubaton songs is pe.
The country with the most nz folk songs is nz.
The country with the most dream pop songs is tw.
The country with the most italian disco songs is nz.
The country with the most hamilton on indie songs is ca.
The country with the most ukrainian indie songs is ua.
The country with the most nordnorsk rap songs is no.
The genre dark progressive house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dunedin indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish modern jazz songs is fi.
The genre theremin did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre touken ranbu did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre black speed metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most atl hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most jazz rap songs is de.
The genre pianissimo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most philly rap songs is ca.
The genre mande pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most melodipop songs is se.
The genre texas blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre alt-idol did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern dream pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turbo folk songs is at.
The country with the most cartoon songs is no.
The genre vintage classical singing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electropowerpop songs is fi.
The country with the most corsican folk songs is fr.
The genre straight-ahead jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most noise pop songs is mx.
The country with the most disney songs is us.
The genre psychill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most muzika l'yeladim songs is il.
The country with the most devon indie songs is gb.
The country with the most romanian pop songs is ro.
The country with the most hawaiian hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most umbanda songs is br.
The country with the most french pop songs is fr.
The genre spanish metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most reggaeton songs is cl.
The country with the most mambo chileno songs is cl.
The country with the most dutch house songs is nl.
The country with the most norwegian gospel songs is no.
The country with the most british invasion songs is ar.
The country with the most synthpop songs is lt.
The country with the most christian pop songs is lv.
The genre hard bop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre afro-funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre guidance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most visor songs is se.
The country with the most nyc pop songs is lt.
The genre czech swing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most punk songs is se.
The genre indie catracho did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre detski pesnichki did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre western ny metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop paraguayo songs is py.
The country with the most modern indie pop songs is us.
The genre musica popular mineira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folktronica songs is au.
The genre yu-mex did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most j-idol songs is jp.
The country with the most south african r&b songs is za.
The country with the most afro soul songs is za.
The country with the most pop flamenco songs is es.
The genre nordic shoegaze did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mongolian alternative did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most j-pop girl group songs is jp.
The genre hungarian classical performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dream trance songs is mt.
The country with the most banda carnavalera songs is mx.
The genre organic house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz harp did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre psychokore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indie folk argentino did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre denver rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most miami hip hop songs is us.
The genre baroque brass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre welsh choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre malmo indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre norwegian experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap metal italiana songs is it.
The country with the most rap inde songs is fr.
The country with the most hungarian folk songs is hu.
The genre zim hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canzone napoletana songs is it.
The country with the most chiptune songs is sa.
The country with the most neurofunk songs is ee.
The country with the most bristol electronic songs is pl.
The country with the most guadalajara indie songs is mx.
The country with the most downtempo songs is lt.
The genre hungarian choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most barnemusikk songs is no.
The genre musica indigena latinoamericana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german alternative rap songs is de.
The country with the most rap congolais songs is be.
The country with the most liedermacher songs is de.
The country with the most instrumental grime songs is gb.
The genre baithak gana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trinibad songs is za.
The genre mexican classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep dubstep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most persian hip hop songs is cy.
The country with the most canadian pop punk songs is hu.
The country with the most asakaa songs is nl.
The country with the most bubble trance songs is be.
The country with the most indie r&b songs is ch.
The genre gymcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most irish banjo songs is ca.
The genre jazz double bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre glam punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most modern blues songs is us.
The country with the most pop punk songs is ca.
The genre instrumental rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most death metal songs is fi.
The genre acoustic blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most stomp and flutter songs is tw.
The genre musica para ninos did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most jazz guitar songs is id.
The genre garage house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre belarusian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most irish country songs is ca.
The genre beatdown did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre streichquartett did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most reggae songs is cl.
The genre french death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish instrumental songs is tr.
The country with the most malay rap songs is my.
The country with the most pop rap brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most bosnian indie songs is bg.
The country with the most french reggae songs is fr.
The genre djent did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre norwegian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic bangla pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nerdcore brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most bangladeshi hip hop songs is tr.
The genre arab folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre georgian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most icelandic hip hop songs is is.
The country with the most musica nortena chilena songs is cl.
The country with the most folk rock italiano songs is it.
The country with the most indian instrumental songs is in.
The genre italian renaissance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre junior songfestival did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cinematic dubstep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ukrainian edm songs is ua.
The country with the most dalarna indie songs is se.
The genre spanish folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk contemporary r&b songs is ie.
The country with the most swedish melodeath songs is fi.
The country with the most fotbollslatar songs is se.
The country with the most khaleeji iraqi songs is sa.
The genre musica catarinense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most iskelma songs is fi.
The country with the most british indie rock songs is gb.
The genre instrumental bluegrass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre synthesizer did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic portuguese pop songs is pt.
The country with the most piano blues songs is nl.
The country with the most jazz songs is hu.
The genre west australian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most czech punk songs is cz.
The country with the most indian folk songs is in.
The country with the most icelandic experimental songs is tw.
The country with the most progressive trance songs is be.
The country with the most cumbia villera songs is ar.
The genre hungarian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latin viral pop songs is es.
The genre german boom bap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian indie songs is ca.
The country with the most melodic death metal songs is fi.
The country with the most russian chanson songs is ru.
The genre parody did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre symphonic black metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical saxophone quartet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brega saudade did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre south african choral did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most channel pop songs is sg.
The genre bandinhas did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian alt pop songs is ru.
The genre rap paraense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most okinawan folk songs is jp.
The country with the most brooklyn drill songs is us.
The country with the most ulkucu sarkilar songs is tr.
The genre muzica maramureseana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dangdut remix songs is id.
The country with the most malaysian punk songs is my.
The country with the most american folk revival songs is us.
The genre flemish folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indian singer-songwriter songs is in.
The country with the most scam rap songs is us.
The genre sinhala edm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre slam poetry did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most taiwan rock songs is tw.
The country with the most arab pop songs is eg.
The country with the most flamenco songs is es.
The genre indie veneto did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dutch r&b songs is nl.
The genre russian experimental electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy singer-songwriter songs is ph.
The country with the most baglama songs is tr.
The country with the most concepcion indie songs is cl.
The country with the most vallenato moderno songs is co.
The country with the most celtic songs is at.
The country with the most lagu iban songs is my.
The country with the most dutch hip hop songs is nl.
The country with the most hawaiian songs is fr.
The genre arab metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre australian ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique mahoraise did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most v-pop songs is vn.
The genre makossa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most drill chileno songs is cl.
The genre malaysian tamil rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rio grande do sul indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dmv rap songs is us.
The country with the most papuri songs is ph.
The genre vienna indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dutch rock songs is nl.
The genre seychelles pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre electro-industrial did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre israeli jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre russian old school hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre balkan brass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre covertrance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most garage punk songs is au.
The country with the most turntablism songs is lv.
The genre fluxwork did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep filthstep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most taiwanese indie songs is tw.
The genre theme did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap sardegna songs is it.
The country with the most spanish punk songs is es.
The country with the most folklore argentino songs is ar.
The country with the most christmas product songs is nl.
The country with the most chinese indie songs is tw.
The country with the most polish contemporary classical songs is pl.
The genre tarantella did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre epa dunk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre naija worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mexican indie songs is mx.
The country with the most tropical songs is lt.
The genre dhrupad did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most calming instrumental songs is vn.
The genre goregrind did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian post-hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most philly indie songs is au.
The country with the most classic finnish pop songs is fi.
The country with the most thai folk songs is th.
The genre tuareg guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alternative dance songs is au.
The genre fado de coimbra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british modern classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most screamo songs is us.
The genre japanese choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indie punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most golden age hip hop songs is ca.
The country with the most dark trap songs is lv.
The country with the most dark disco songs is be.
The country with the most neue deutsche welle songs is at.
The genre classic house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre irish classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique nigerienne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bali indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most comedy songs is us.
The genre hampton roads indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most malaysian pop songs is my.
The country with the most ambient worship songs is at.
The genre indie cordoba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre danish alternative rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most atlanta bass songs is ca.
The country with the most musica popular uruguaya songs is uy.
The genre korean worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most belarusian hip hop songs is lv.
The genre muzica crestina did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vapor trap songs is us.
The country with the most latin funk songs is ar.
The genre musica acoriana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre guyanese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre afro drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most super eurobeat songs is hu.
The country with the most poezja spiewana songs is pl.
The country with the most czech singer-songwriter songs is cz.
The genre christmas instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most stomp and holler songs is tw.
The country with the most hip hop quebecois songs is ca.
The country with the most graz indie songs is at.
The country with the most indie rockism songs is bo.
The country with the most reggae en espanol songs is ar.
The genre deutsch disney did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thai hip hop songs is th.
The genre guzheng did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz trombone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop peruano songs is pe.
The genre buffalo ny metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo-traditional bluegrass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre madrigal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk melody songs is br.
The country with the most anadolu rock songs is tr.
The country with the most urbano chileno songs is cl.
The genre uilleann pipes did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most moombahton songs is nl.
The country with the most finnish death metal songs is fi.
The genre spiritual jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most modern power pop songs is us.
The genre musique urbaine brazzaville did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swamp blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most boston hip hop songs is lu.
The genre gregorian chant did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spanish reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk songs is br.
The genre background piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre j-indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre highlife did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre string folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap moldovenesc did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cape breton indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most symphonic metal songs is fi.
The genre stateside dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre raboday did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock baiano songs is br.
The country with the most funk bh songs is br.
The genre french worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most spanish noise pop songs is mx.
The country with the most puerto rican pop songs is co.
The country with the most zhenskiy rep songs is ru.
The country with the most slovenian pop songs is at.
The genre trap cristao did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica potosina did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most israeli indie songs is il.
The genre german dark minimal techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most post-disco songs is fr.
The country with the most ska mexicano songs is mx.
The genre minecraft did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre forro instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most shimmer pop songs is fr.
The country with the most classic greek rock songs is gr.
The country with the most afrofuturismo brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most oulu indie songs is fi.
The country with the most rawstyle songs is nl.
The country with the most icelandic metal songs is is.
The genre dark wave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lo-fi cover songs is de.
The genre chakra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre electronica peruana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica criolla songs is pe.
The country with the most rhythm and blues songs is gb.
The country with the most dutch indie songs is nl.
The genre brazilian dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ethnotronica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap salvadoreno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre odia bhajan did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dansktop songs is dk.
The genre musica alagoana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre trap cristiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre horror synth did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indian underground rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ndombolo songs is fr.
The genre school choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern jazz piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most psychedelic trance songs is il.
The country with the most vietnamese hip hop songs is vn.
The genre socal indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kizomba cabo-verdiana songs is pt.
The country with the most lo star songs is tw.
The genre street band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most underground hip hop songs is ca.
The country with the most seattle indie songs is au.
The genre irish experimental electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian viral pop songs is id.
The genre zamba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian witch house songs is ru.
The country with the most musica mocambicana songs is za.
The genre musica capixaba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vintage cantonese pop songs is hk.
The country with the most t-pop girl group songs is th.
The genre vintage dutch pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic swedish pop songs is se.
The genre ambient dub techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre muzica populara did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most armenian pop songs is ee.
The country with the most latvian folk songs is lv.
The country with the most uk drill songs is gb.
The genre yugoslav new wave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hard glam did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pontian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap lyonnais songs is fr.
The genre north carolina indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hindi indie songs is in.
The genre rajasthani pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most anime lo-fi songs is cz.
The country with the most polish reggae songs is pl.
The genre tango did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cyber metal songs is fi.
The genre garage punk blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre norwegian techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre khmer hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep soundtrack songs is sa.
The country with the most classic venezuelan pop songs is co.
The genre dutch dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre psybreaks did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most melodic thrash songs is bg.
The country with the most reggae catala songs is ee.
The genre reggae cristao did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre american oi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre remix product did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep gothic post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most jewish hip hop songs is il.
The genre basel indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre free jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ukrainian viral pop songs is ua.
The country with the most banjo songs is ca.
The genre scottish drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre american romanticism did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre techno argentina did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre persian neo-traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre manso indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre american grindcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cha-cha-cha did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre portuguese contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre recorder did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish metal songs is fi.
The genre pony did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mexican rock-and-roll did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dutch metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most colombian indie songs is es.
The country with the most folk songs is at.
The country with the most bergen indie songs is no.
The country with the most folk punk songs is ca.
The country with the most livetronica songs is ca.
The genre taiwanese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brisbane punk songs is au.
The genre fourth world did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most motown songs is gb.
The country with the most italian post-hardcore songs is it.
The country with the most ukg revival songs is gb.
The country with the most folkmusik songs is se.
The genre malian blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap italiano old school songs is it.
The genre adoracion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most monterrey indie songs is bo.
The genre neoclassicism did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie triste songs is bo.
The country with the most ai songs is fr.
The country with the most korean singer-songwriter songs is kr.
The genre danish folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian rave songs is ru.
The country with the most baltic post-punk songs is lt.
The genre jump blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian pop rap songs is no.
The country with the most rap boricua songs is ec.
The country with the most thai worship songs is th.
The country with the most rap underground argentino songs is ar.
The country with the most viral rap songs is us.
The country with the most garage rock songs is gb.
The country with the most turkish alt pop songs is tr.
The country with the most ukrainian folk songs is ua.
The country with the most jazz blues songs is nl.
The genre freakbeat did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre erhu did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre black comedy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rockabilly en espanol did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most polish blues songs is pl.
The genre downtempo bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most viking folk songs is is.
The country with the most argentine indie songs is ar.
The genre corridos clasicos did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre salsa cubana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre fussball did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese electropop songs is jp.
The country with the most rain songs is ua.
The genre roots americana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre detroit techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most baltic folk songs is ee.
The genre jazz saxophone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre son jarocho did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical trombone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian alternative songs is it.
The country with the most jovem guarda songs is mx.
The genre spacewave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kaneka songs is cr.
The country with the most desi trap songs is in.
The country with the most cumbia sonidera songs is py.
The country with the most bisaya rap songs is ph.
The country with the most manele songs is ro.
The genre veena did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre punk rock italiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre action rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german metalcore songs is at.
The country with the most dembow songs is do.
The genre rap ecuatoguineano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica baiana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brazilian stoner rock songs is br.
The country with the most eurobeat songs is jp.
The country with the most musica gaucha songs is br.
The country with the most canadian contemporary r&b songs is ca.
The country with the most trap brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most musica portuguesa contemporanea songs is pt.
The country with the most dong-yo songs is gb.
The country with the most merseybeat songs is us.
The genre christian punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brostep songs is lu.
The country with the most taiwan hip hop songs is tw.
The country with the most madchester songs is gb.
The country with the most disco house songs is nl.
The country with the most classic disco polo songs is pl.
The country with the most pop house songs is at.
The genre japanese classical performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classify did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deathcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop argentino songs is uy.
The genre hungarian contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musique comorienne songs is ma.
The country with the most kawaii metal songs is jp.
The country with the most transpop songs is cz.
The country with the most corridos tumbados songs is mx.
The country with the most garage rock revival songs is cl.
The country with the most tamil indie songs is my.
The country with the most lullaby songs is my.
The genre baroque violin did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most spanish rock songs is es.
The country with the most nantes indie songs is fr.
The country with the most palestinian pop songs is eg.
The country with the most trap tuga songs is pt.
The genre cambridge choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electro latino songs is es.
The genre souldies did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most asian american hip hop songs is id.
The country with the most lagu sabahan songs is my.
The country with the most canadian hip hop songs is ca.
The genre warm drone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre narodna muzika did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre soukous did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nightcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most french hip hop songs is fr.
The genre modern indie folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most fremantle indie songs is au.
The genre deep r&b did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gospel singers songs is no.
The genre spanish classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ukrainian pop songs is ua.
The country with the most brazilian rock songs is br.
The country with the most early modern classical songs is no.
The country with the most german rock songs is de.
The country with the most redneck songs is ca.
The country with the most bass house songs is nl.
The country with the most brazilian bass songs is fr.
The country with the most spanish synthpop songs is es.
The genre indian techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most christian trap songs is sa.
The country with the most k-pop songs is tw.
The country with the most industrial songs is bg.
The genre swing italiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most belgian hip hop songs is be.
The country with the most trap venezolano songs is bo.
The country with the most liverpool indie songs is gb.
The country with the most belgian singer-songwriter songs is be.
The genre classical guitar duo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre children's folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre medieval rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most melbourne indie songs is au.
The genre uruguayan indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo-progressive did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mongolian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap feminino chileno songs is cl.
The country with the most auckland indie songs is nz.
The genre metal guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish soundtrack songs is tr.
The genre italian contemporary jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk melodic rap songs is gb.
The country with the most northern irish indie songs is gb.
The genre chill baile did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre marathi hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nerdcore songs is br.
The country with the most abstract hip hop songs is de.
The country with the most antilliaanse rap songs is nl.
The country with the most dub songs is lu.
The genre gypsy fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern ska punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre doomgaze did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre voetbal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cuatro venezolano songs is co.
The country with the most brazilian post-hardcore songs is br.
The genre essex indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uplifting trance songs is be.
The genre lowlands hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dutch singer-songwriter songs is nl.
The country with the most deep soft rock songs is se.
The genre hamburger schule did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre scratch did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polish ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo-pagan did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ccm songs is lv.
The genre boston electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre psychedelic jazz fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most post-punk argentina songs is ar.
The country with the most classic norwegian pop songs is no.
The country with the most uwielbienie songs is pl.
The country with the most minneapolis sound songs is ar.
The genre hard minimal techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre slash punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nintendocore songs is lt.
The genre ainu folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lapland hip hop songs is fi.
The country with the most swedish post-hardcore songs is pl.
The country with the most otacore songs is hk.
The genre bongo flava did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sludge metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre czech indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre aggro chileno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre workout product did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most r&b songs is tw.
The country with the most guatemalan pop songs is gt.
The country with the most austrian hip hop songs is at.
The country with the most melodic metal songs is fi.
The country with the most yugoslav rock songs is mx.
The genre classic luk thung did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swiss jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre traditional bluegrass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian hip hop songs is no.
The genre children's choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre irish neo-traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most australian reggae fusion songs is au.
The genre concert band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica roraimense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cueca chilena songs is cl.
The country with the most uk dnb songs is gb.
The genre classical countertenor did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bangalore indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most progressive psytrance songs is il.
The genre man's orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most grenada soca songs is my.
The genre choro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre krautrock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sandalwood songs is in.
The country with the most reggaeton flow songs is cl.
The country with the most j-metal songs is jp.
The country with the most dirty south rap songs is us.
The genre harmonica jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre el paso indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norrbotten indie songs is se.
The country with the most vietnamese trap songs is vn.
The country with the most detroit rock songs is us.
The genre southeast asian post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre white noise did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latin soundtrack songs is sa.
The genre mbalax did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre punk urbano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most perth indie songs is au.
The genre no wave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gospel soul did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rock of gibraltar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kizomba antigas songs is pt.
The country with the most italian indie pop songs is it.
The country with the most russian indie rock songs is ee.
The country with the most puirt-a-beul songs is au.
The genre croatian rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most telugu hip hop songs is in.
The country with the most belly dance songs is eg.
The genre odia pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ambient fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brazilian house songs is br.
The genre modern mod did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tape club did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre texas punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre belarusian punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most australian r&b songs is au.
The country with the most belo horizonte indie songs is br.
The genre study beats did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre huayno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most malayalam hip hop songs is in.
The genre polish modern jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polish classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rumeli turkuleri songs is tr.
The genre atmospheric dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nhac thieu nhi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap antillais songs is fr.
The country with the most rap metal songs is hu.
The country with the most egyptian pop songs is eg.
The genre malagasy pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most meditation songs is hk.
The genre polish metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most old school thrash songs is bg.
The genre bajan soca did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vegas indie songs is gb.
The country with the most icelandic classical songs is is.
The country with the most sertanejo pop songs is br.
The country with the most swedish underground rap songs is se.
The country with the most country pop songs is ca.
The country with the most shanty songs is us.
The genre truck-driving country did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most moroccan pop songs is ma.
The country with the most hk-pop songs is hk.
The country with the most covertronica songs is lu.
The country with the most surinamese pop songs is nl.
The country with the most heartland rock songs is us.
The country with the most roots reggae songs is ch.
The genre lagu melayu did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sonora indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lo-fi rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre grunge pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre blues-rock guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean dream pop songs is id.
The country with the most swedish indie folk songs is gb.
The genre surf music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bandura did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ranchera songs is mx.
The country with the most ney songs is us.
The genre brazilian hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hip hop galsen did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre korean city pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap queen songs is us.
The country with the most italian reggae songs is it.
The genre art song did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most spirituals songs is no.
The country with the most uk hip hop songs is gb.
The country with the most torch song songs is ca.
The country with the most dfw rap songs is ro.
The genre progressive trance house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most orchestra songs is sa.
The genre dutch contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most british folk songs is ca.
The country with the most ambeat songs is jp.
The country with the most southern rock songs is ca.
The country with the most noise songs is mx.
The genre comedienne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brasilia indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre grimewave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latvian rock songs is lv.
The genre zenonesque did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lo-fi jazzhop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tanzanian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cypriot pop songs is gr.
The genre mexican son did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre serbian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre folk black metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most orebro indie songs is se.
The country with the most native american songs is cr.
The genre pune indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre space rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italo house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most danish electro songs is dk.
The country with the most chicago rap songs is us.
The genre uk dub did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most punjabi pop songs is in.
The genre new italo disco did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre american 21st century classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hi-nrg songs is at.
The genre deep vocal jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre christian lo-fi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie anthem-folk songs is gb.
The genre sound effects did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre euphonium did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chicago drill songs is us.
The country with the most romanian rap songs is ro.
The genre swedish contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap songs is ch.
The country with the most pittsburgh rap songs is us.
The genre easycore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most world fusion songs is in.
The genre post-doom metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nepali pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre arpa grande did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bulgarian electronic songs is bg.
The country with the most latin arena pop songs is mx.
The country with the most south african hip hop songs is za.
The country with the most indy indie songs is at.
The genre classical guitar quartet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german dance songs is at.
The country with the most swedish soul songs is se.
The genre relaxative did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre arabic instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most escape room songs is au.
The genre stride did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alternative pop rock songs is bg.
The country with the most latintronica songs is ec.
The genre mexican electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hardcore techno songs is gb.
The country with the most old school dancehall songs is nl.
The genre kawaii future bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rai songs is ua.
The genre deep norteno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most opm songs is ph.
The genre jazz house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre samba de roda did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre harmonikka did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most png pop songs is at.
The country with the most classic girl group songs is nl.
The genre classic moroccan pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most social media pop songs is bg.
The genre vapor house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most riddim songs is fr.
The country with the most pinoy hip hop songs is ph.
The genre vocal harmony group did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nordic folk songs is se.
The genre appalachian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german thrash metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sound art did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most yakut pop songs is us.
The genre riot grrrl did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chinese melodic rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vintage western did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indonesian ska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most collage pop songs is au.
The country with the most brazilian jazz songs is br.
The country with the most etherpop songs is at.
The genre mexican post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese vocal jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bassline songs is gb.
The country with the most turkish singer-songwriter songs is tr.
The genre water did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk paulista songs is br.
The country with the most jazz fusion songs is jp.
The genre kashmiri pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre traditional irish singing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hardcore hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most bboy songs is fr.
The country with the most botswana pop songs is za.
The genre multidisciplinary did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most post-teen pop songs is ie.
The country with the most german underground rap songs is de.
The genre anime rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vaporwave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish pop punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ska jazz songs is nz.
The genre minimal dubstep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most danish indie pop songs is dk.
The country with the most reggae tuga songs is pt.
The genre choro contemporaneo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thai indie rock songs is th.
The genre british industrial did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most slow game songs is tr.
The genre musique traditionnelle congolaise did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre early us punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cantautora argentina did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most eurodance songs is fi.
The genre barockinterpreten did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swiss pop songs is ch.
The genre psychedelic folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre float house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chinese hip hop songs is tw.
The country with the most disco polo songs is pl.
The genre christian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre north carolina roots did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most louisville indie songs is us.
The country with the most australian rock songs is au.
The genre victoria bc indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre raw techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre blasmusik did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian classical songs is no.
The genre jazz mexicano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap songs is se.
The genre samurai trap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre fijian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie hip hop songs is gb.
The country with the most waiata mo tamariki songs is nz.
The country with the most munich indie songs is at.
The country with the most glam rock songs is pl.
The genre nordic ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre west end did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish power metal songs is bg.
The country with the most minimalism songs is no.
The genre south african jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tollywood songs is in.
The country with the most tamaulipas rap songs is bo.
The genre disney italiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hjemmesnekk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian singer-songwriter songs is id.
The genre bolero cubano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most reggae maghreb songs is ma.
The genre jazz boom bap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cante flamenco did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new wave of glam metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre russian dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian tenor songs is it.
The country with the most cover acustico songs is bg.
The genre croatian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cumbia andina mexicana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian power metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most taiwan singer-songwriter songs is tw.
The genre noisecore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classical performance songs is tr.
The country with the most spanish hip hop songs is es.
The country with the most muzica copii songs is ro.
The genre rock keyboard did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cuban rumba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre australian classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dubstep songs is lu.
The country with the most jazz pop songs is hu.
The genre dissonant death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical jazz fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre arkansas indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre norman ok indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz catala did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre morna did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica sarda songs is it.
The genre jain bhajan did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most 8d songs is it.
The country with the most slovak hip hop songs is sk.
The genre erotica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electric blues songs is us.
The genre igbo rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ostschlager did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica catalana songs is es.
The country with the most chinese drama ost songs is tw.
The country with the most argentine alternative rock songs is ar.
The genre jazz violin did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mgpjr songs is no.
The genre funky breaks did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish hip hop songs is tr.
The genre classic nz pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre exotica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique tchadienne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most irish hip hop songs is br.
The country with the most rap belge songs is be.
The genre stomp and whittle did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian emo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dainuojamoji poezija songs is lt.
The country with the most folclore salteno songs is ar.
The country with the most jazz funk songs is us.
The genre turkmen hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese power metal songs is jp.
The country with the most pub rock songs is br.
The genre fo jing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most new romantic songs is ca.
The genre tribal house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep discofox did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap geek songs is br.
The genre comedia did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish heavy metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most experimental electronic songs is pl.
The country with the most german pop rock songs is de.
The country with the most german pop songs is de.
The genre phleng phuea chiwit did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jamaican ska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre darksynth did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most peruvian indie songs is pe.
The country with the most dangdut songs is id.
The genre banda jalisciense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vapor twitch songs is au.
The genre serialism did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre memphis americana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german indie rock songs is at.
The genre taiwan post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ukrainian experimental songs is lv.
The country with the most new delhi indie songs is in.
The country with the most boom bap songs is es.
The country with the most pinoy reggae songs is ph.
The country with the most indie folk italiano songs is it.
The genre buffalo ny indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most industrial pop songs is au.
The genre ngoni did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre glasgow indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nasyid songs is my.
The country with the most czech alternative rap songs is cz.
The country with the most phonk songs is ua.
The genre swancore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most political hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most qawwali songs is in.
The country with the most icelandic jazz songs is is.
The genre hiplife did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tijuana electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jangle pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most middle east hip hop songs is eg.
The country with the most british singer-songwriter songs is at.
The genre blues band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre focus beats did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most arabic hip hop songs is ma.
The genre classic italian folk pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre go-go did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre irish drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica de intervencao songs is pt.
The genre carnatic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most argentine telepop songs is ar.
The genre oxford choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kannada pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre traditional rockabilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most peruvian hip hop songs is pe.
The genre re:techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dreamo songs is us.
The genre israeli techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rock piauiense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bergamo indie songs is it.
The country with the most reunion pop songs is sk.
The genre therapy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean soundtrack songs is sa.
The country with the most lebanese indie songs is sa.
The genre romanian contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most australian indigenous songs is au.
The country with the most rock nica songs is ni.
The genre wyoming roots did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical harp did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most polish pop songs is pl.
The country with the most japanese indie pop songs is jp.
The country with the most minnesota hip hop songs is ru.
The genre piano mpb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic j-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian pop songs is ua.
The country with the most idol rock songs is jp.
The genre hard motivation did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre atlanta punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kawaii edm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre coverchill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nu-metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre triangle indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bulgarian rock songs is bg.
The country with the most hungarian edm songs is hu.
The genre classical piano trio did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica andorra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most huzunlu sarkilar songs is tr.
The genre spiritual hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk metal songs is lv.
The country with the most latin classical songs is sa.
The genre deep ccm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nepali indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre folclore jujeno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most spanish modern rock songs is es.
The country with the most swiss indie songs is ch.
The genre olympia wa indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most virginia hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most classic belgian pop songs is be.
The country with the most boston indie songs is us.
The country with the most neofolk songs is ph.
The country with the most german indie songs is at.
The genre georgian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish prog did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kids hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most portland hip hop songs is bg.
The country with the most josei rap songs is jp.
The country with the most anime score songs is sa.
The country with the most oulu metal songs is gb.
The country with the most hungarian rock songs is hu.
The genre greek metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese alternative pop songs is jp.
The country with the most central asian hip hop songs is ru.
The genre gothic americana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre second line did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swazi pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian pop punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rai algerien songs is ma.
The country with the most dutch drill songs is nl.
The country with the most francoton songs is fr.
The genre synth punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new tribe did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian boogie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mongolian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most contemporary post-bop songs is pl.
The country with the most fake songs is th.
The genre mandolin did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish trap songs is fi.
The genre bath indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most future house songs is nl.
The genre zohioliin duu did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre beatboxing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep talent show songs is hk.
The genre future funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian classical piano songs is it.
The genre indie rock colombiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre alternative americana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bulgarian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chinese electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre atmospheric sludge did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian space disco songs is is.
The country with the most luk thung songs is th.
The country with the most electronica chilena songs is cl.
The genre danish modern jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dutch tech house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap montrealais songs is ca.
The country with the most plena uruguaya songs is uy.
The country with the most finnish punk songs is fi.
The country with the most trap boricua songs is ec.
The genre rock caipira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep brazilian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre louvor did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new mexico music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre southern soul blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nu jazz songs is fr.
The genre trival did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most spanish pop rock songs is es.
The country with the most turkce remix songs is tr.
The country with the most amapiano songs is za.
The country with the most hungarian metal songs is hu.
The genre canadian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most reggae tico songs is cr.
The country with the most rap catala songs is ar.
The country with the most europop songs is se.
The genre serbian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most guaracha songs is co.
The genre deep breakcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most french techno songs is at.
The country with the most beach house songs is se.
The genre limerick indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dark post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre israelite hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dancehall chileno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kinderchor did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic czech pop songs is cz.
The country with the most melanesian pop songs is at.
The country with the most sholawat songs is id.
The country with the most rap portuense songs is pt.
The genre southern gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most grave wave songs is au.
The genre samba-enredo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most comic metal songs is at.
The genre canzone genovese did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre irish gaelic folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap mexicano songs is mx.
The country with the most alte songs is pl.
The country with the most sertanejo universitario songs is br.
The country with the most polca paraguaya songs is py.
The genre reiki did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese ska songs is jp.
The genre enka did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cuarteto songs is ar.
The country with the most sad rap songs is lt.
The country with the most himachali pop songs is in.
The country with the most chinese viral pop songs is tw.
The genre ukrainian metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most crunk songs is us.
The country with the most bubblegum pop songs is gb.
The genre deep latin christian did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish garage rock songs is se.
The genre taiwan classical performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german cloud rap songs is de.
The genre a3 did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish jazz songs is fi.
The genre classical saxophone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ebm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre disney svenska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most french indie pop songs is fr.
The country with the most hong kong tv drama songs is hk.
The genre solipsynthm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre slavic folk metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most post-hardcore songs is pl.
The country with the most mellow gold songs is ie.
The genre flute rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bolero songs is vn.
The genre dc indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cologne hip hop songs is de.
The genre powerviolence did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian trap metal songs is ua.
The country with the most kansas hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most czech folk songs is cz.
The country with the most rave funk songs is br.
The genre indian classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cumbia santafesina songs is ar.
The country with the most detroit trap songs is us.
The country with the most polish alternative rock songs is pl.
The genre san diego indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german jazz songs is de.
The genre kindie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nottingham hip hop songs is gb.
The genre indian violin did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nyckelharpa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cumbia paraguaya songs is py.
The country with the most corridos alternativos songs is mx.
The country with the most afghan rap songs is at.
The genre kora did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean instrumental songs is at.
The country with the most thai folk rock songs is th.
The country with the most rock cristiano songs is do.
The country with the most psychedelic pop songs is fr.
The country with the most estonian pop songs is ee.
The country with the most toronto rap songs is ca.
The country with the most classic city pop songs is jp.
The country with the most belgian rock songs is be.
The country with the most rune folk songs is is.
The genre barbershop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian folk songs is ru.
The genre auteur-compositeur-interprete quebecois did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy r&b songs is ph.
The country with the most nz christian songs is nz.
The genre bass trip did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre adelaide indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mexican rock songs is mx.
The genre chicago blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most philly soul songs is pl.
The country with the most russian emo songs is ru.
The country with the most deep minimal techno songs is au.
The genre boogie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dark ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electrofox songs is fr.
The country with the most trap colombiano songs is es.
The country with the most magyar mulatos songs is hu.
The genre luxembourgian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kleine hoerspiel songs is de.
The country with the most samoan pop songs is nz.
The genre joropo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk mexicano songs is mx.
The genre deep progressive trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most yacht rock songs is nz.
The country with the most nottingham indie songs is gb.
The genre panpipe did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tamil pop songs is in.
The country with the most japanese jazz fusion songs is jp.
The genre clean comedy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most baroque pop songs is gb.
The genre musica mapuche did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tekno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most south african alternative songs is za.
The country with the most musica andina songs is cl.
The genre pittsburgh indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese viral pop songs is jp.
The genre japanese traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dubstep product did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sunnlensk tonlist songs is is.
The country with the most indonesian alternative rock songs is id.
The genre bloco did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folk brasileiro songs is br.
The genre deep funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most danish electropop songs is dk.
The country with the most ukrainian electronic songs is ru.
The country with the most opera songs is se.
The genre chill out did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre xhosa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap espanol songs is es.
The country with the most turkish alternative songs is tr.
The country with the most hungarian punk songs is hu.
The country with the most sitar songs is br.
The genre polish early music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kollywood songs is in.
The genre chinese soundtrack did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop rock brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most canadian contemporary country songs is ca.
The country with the most greek house songs is th.
The genre experimental indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre grunneger muziek did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most detske pisnicky songs is cz.
The genre classic danish rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nova musica maranhense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre weightless did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ruta destroy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most carnaval limburg songs is nl.
The genre baiao did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most melancholia songs is is.
The country with the most ukrainian hip hop songs is ua.
The country with the most trap chileno songs is cl.
The country with the most chamber pop songs is tr.
The genre traditional british folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cumbia sonorense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thrash core songs is nl.
The country with the most florida rap songs is us.
The country with the most deep new americana songs is ca.
The country with the most mexican edm songs is be.
The country with the most barnmusik songs is dk.
The genre orkiestra symfoniczna did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most salsa choke songs is co.
The genre deep funk ostentacao did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre malawian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep uplifting trance songs is ar.
The country with the most classic colombian pop songs is co.
The country with the most musica etnica songs is it.
The genre indie platense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap underground mexicano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sertanejo songs is br.
The country with the most new jack swing songs is ie.
The country with the most christian indie songs is no.
The genre string band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most glee club songs is gb.
The genre moroccan traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica londrinense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thai rock songs is th.
The country with the most eventyr songs is no.
The genre judaica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most melodic metalcore songs is au.
The genre calgary indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre eritrean pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most samba songs is br.
The country with the most turkish reggae songs is tr.
The genre japanese post-hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre early avant garde did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre post-metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lagu lampung did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rochester ny indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most show tunes songs is us.
The country with the most swing songs is gb.
The genre indian jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kabyle songs is ma.
The country with the most finnish heavy metal songs is fi.
The country with the most macedonian indie songs is lt.
The genre argentine metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most drill brasileiro songs is us.
The country with the most croatian pop songs is is.
The country with the most baltimore hip hop songs is us.
The genre glass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chanson paillarde did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre women's choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap alagoano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre duhovne pjesme did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hyperpop brasileiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cape verdean folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thai folk pop songs is th.
The genre cosmic uplifting trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre singaporean indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most drama songs is tw.
The country with the most norrlandsk hip hop songs is se.
The country with the most nordic orchestra songs is is.
The genre british blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre noel quebecois did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian contemporary jazz songs is no.
The genre orthodox chant did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica paranaense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lounge house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nova mpb songs is br.
The country with the most pagode novo songs is br.
The genre canadian ccm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre delta blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre boogie-woogie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most levenslied songs is nl.
The country with the most reggae fusion songs is cr.
The genre london on indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop violin songs is at.
The genre western swing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre christian metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dutch experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tibetan pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep vocal house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tekk songs is at.
The country with the most irish singer-songwriter songs is ie.
The country with the most australian house songs is au.
The country with the most native american contemporary songs is cr.
The genre speedcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lagu aceh did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most p funk songs is br.
The genre cuban funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vocaloid metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ambient house songs is gb.
The country with the most rap df songs is br.
The country with the most ukrainian folk rock songs is ua.
The genre dark psytrance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish hip hop songs is se.
The country with the most hardstyle songs is nl.
The country with the most dutch idol pop songs is nl.
The country with the most finnish post-punk songs is fi.
The genre svensk indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre french post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre illbient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dancefloor dnb songs is gb.
The genre lagu sunda did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most iraqi hip hop songs is eg.
The genre technical melodic death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre friese muziek did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese metalcore songs is us.
The genre french movie tunes did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spanish post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sinhala indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre russian trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic nepali pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap francais nouvelle vague songs is fr.
The genre microtonal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most singer-songwriter songs is tw.
The country with the most reggae rock songs is de.
The country with the most belgian techno songs is be.
The country with the most full on songs is il.
The country with the most lapland metal songs is fi.
The country with the most kindermusik songs is at.
The country with the most trova songs is cl.
The country with the most kenyan pop songs is no.
The country with the most british soul songs is ie.
The genre ambient psychill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tibetan mantra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre galego did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most polish electronica songs is pl.
The country with the most german viral rap songs is de.
The country with the most desi hip hop songs is in.
The country with the most turkish folk songs is tr.
The country with the most bulgarian r&b songs is bg.
The country with the most york indie songs is au.
The genre electric bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre scottish indie folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre zillertal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most east coast hip hop songs is us.
The genre musica goiana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hare krishna songs is in.
The country with the most indonesian emo rap songs is id.
The country with the most new england americana songs is ua.
The genre hard alternative did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bible did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian electropop songs is ca.
The country with the most japanese pop rap songs is jp.
The genre fnf did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most new jack smooth songs is ni.
The country with the most pop edm songs is se.
The country with the most macedonian folk songs is bg.
The country with the most german country songs is at.
The genre frenchcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kentucky roots did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre greek indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cancion infantil mexicana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most drill dominicano songs is do.
The genre austrian choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most taiwan punk songs is tw.
The country with the most ska argentino songs is ar.
The country with the most slap house songs is de.
The country with the most dakke dak songs is dk.
The country with the most scandinavian r&b songs is dk.
The country with the most dark clubbing songs is lu.
The genre belgian blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kansai indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre austrian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british dance band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german prog did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jewish cantorial did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most romanian electronic songs is bg.
The genre fife and drum did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most acid rock songs is ar.
The country with the most deep tropical house songs is at.
The country with the most neo-singer-songwriter songs is gb.
The genre irish contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish singer-songwriter songs is se.
The genre gaita did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tar songs is br.
The country with the most gangster rap songs is us.
The country with the most swedish blues songs is se.
The country with the most chilean hardcore songs is ar.
The genre neo grime did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mexican pop punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cumbia pop songs is uy.
The country with the most indonesian r&b songs is id.
The genre deep g funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese math rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian folk songs is id.
The genre baltic choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre southampton indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bleep techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kompa gouyad did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre norwegian doom metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most telugu indie songs is in.
The country with the most dancehall guyanaise songs is fr.
The genre nu skool breaks did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean ost songs is tw.
The genre neo honky tonk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre arabic jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dutch indie rock songs is hu.
The country with the most japanese jazztronica songs is jp.
The genre marching band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic bollywood songs is in.
The country with the most japanese chillhop songs is sa.
The country with the most tennessee hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most lithuanian hip hop songs is lt.
The country with the most fantasy songs is sa.
The genre indonesian psychedelia did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chinese traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre glitter trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sardinia indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre australian death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most balkan folk metal songs is ro.
The genre alberta hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish metal songs is tr.
The country with the most chillwave songs is au.
The genre classical mezzo-soprano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz flute did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre blues latinoamericano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most traditional country songs is us.
The genre dundee indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nuevo folklore mexicano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neurostep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swiss singer-songwriter songs is ee.
The genre wind quintet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre christian dance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre malawian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most noise rock songs is au.
The country with the most danish indie songs is dk.
The genre polyphonies corses did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rosario indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian modern jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most romanian trap songs is ro.
The country with the most electro bailando songs is es.
The genre bard did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most xitsonga pop songs is za.
The country with the most turkish deep house songs is tr.
The country with the most spanish pop songs is es.
The country with the most kuduro antigo songs is pt.
The genre zikir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie electropop songs is lt.
The country with the most mluvene slovo songs is sk.
The genre kolkata indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most broadway songs is pl.
The country with the most musique urbaine kinshasa songs is fr.
The genre acoustic punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre traditional reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap cristiano songs is gt.
The genre uk garage did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre finnish blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bossa nova cover did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most czech folk rock songs is cz.
The country with the most hip pop songs is ca.
The genre chill-out trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre finnish experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nigerian pop songs is za.
The genre brno indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre trinidadian reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hard trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bluegrass songs is tw.
The country with the most australian country songs is au.
The genre old school uk hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hard chime did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rock cearense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre avant-garde metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian old school hip hop songs is ca.
The genre classical organ did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latin pop songs is mx.
The genre italian ska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy pop punk songs is ph.
The genre musique ancienne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most icelandic singer-songwriter songs is is.
The country with the most gothenburg indie songs is se.
The country with the most vallenato songs is co.
The country with the most hip-hop experimental songs is fr.
The genre zilizopendwa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique tahitienne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre capoeira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most quiet storm songs is gb.
The genre modern chamber music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new weird america did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most c-pop songs is hk.
The genre school ensemble did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dixieland songs is us.
The genre deep idm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vaikiskos dainos did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lds songs is de.
The genre basque folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gospel reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep jazz fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre scream rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trondersk musikk songs is no.
The genre rap toscana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre euskal indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hungarian techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most corrido songs is mx.
The genre undertale did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most greek underground rap songs is gr.
The genre ambient guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most experimental songs is pl.
The genre new brunswick indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sacramento hip hop songs is us.
The genre indie singer-songwriter did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tropical tecladista did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most batida songs is br.
The country with the most rock songs is ca.
The genre sasscore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre uk post-punk revival did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre azeri traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre instrumental soul did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most azeri rap songs is tr.
The country with the most bitpop songs is jp.
The genre j-core did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre solomon islands pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hawaiian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most reggae peruano songs is pe.
The country with the most kavkaz songs is ru.
The country with the most deep underground hip hop songs is bg.
The country with the most canadian indigenous songs is ca.
The country with the most south african house songs is za.
The genre staff band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre speed garage did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre psychedelic blues-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new orleans blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dutch americana songs is nl.
The country with the most ritmo kombina songs is do.
The genre balfolk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep chill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cardiff indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tecnobanda songs is gt.
The country with the most japanese chill rap songs is jp.
The genre welsh hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most neo mellow songs is my.
The country with the most japanese emo songs is jp.
The country with the most sudanese pop songs is ae.
The country with the most french synthpop songs is fr.
The country with the most balkan beats songs is at.
The country with the most scottish new wave songs is gb.
The country with the most assamese pop songs is in.
The country with the most slovak electronic songs is sk.
The genre lagu betawi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre 432hz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre schranz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nu age did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre darbuka did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gospel drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folklore ecuatoriano songs is ec.
The country with the most umea hardcore songs is pl.
The genre ragtime did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre west coast reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica jibara did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rare groove did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock brasiliense songs is br.
The country with the most aussietronica songs is au.
The genre telugu devotional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pontianak indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sacramento indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre symphonic deathcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most viral pop brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most argentine rock songs is ar.
The genre baroque cello did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy praise songs is ph.
The country with the most progressive rock songs is gb.
The country with the most indonesian lo-fi pop songs is id.
The country with the most pop emo songs is ca.
The country with the most shaabi songs is eg.
The country with the most virgin islands reggae songs is us.
The genre byzantine did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most atlantic canada hip hop songs is ca.
The genre black punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre light music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre twoubadou did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pagode baiano songs is br.
The country with the most cumbia 420 songs is ar.
The country with the most classic thai pop songs is th.
The genre detroit house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep pop edm songs is no.
The genre canadian underground hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dark synthpop songs is sa.
The country with the most norteno-sax songs is mx.
The country with the most chilena songs is cl.
The genre classic sudanese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tagalog worship songs is ph.
The country with the most taiwanese indigenous songs is tw.
The country with the most russian drill songs is ru.
The country with the most rap tuga underground songs is pt.
The country with the most industrial rock songs is bg.
The genre burmese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic russian pop songs is ru.
The genre afro-cuban traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre orquestas de galicia did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chinese new year did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brockton hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dragspel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chilean indie songs is cl.
The country with the most post-romantic era songs is us.
The country with the most j-pop boy group songs is jp.
The country with the most modern funk songs is id.
The country with the most danspunk songs is se.
The genre classical baritone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most salsa puertorriquena songs is co.
The country with the most semba songs is pt.
The genre kaseko did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sami songs is se.
The genre abstractro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chinese idol pop songs is tw.
The country with the most fado songs is pt.
The genre australian indigenous hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre french psychedelic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre future ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most fidget house songs is at.
The genre family gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most detroit hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most swiss rock songs is ch.
The country with the most indie viet songs is vn.
The country with the most edm songs is lt.
The genre deep indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre persian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie psych-pop songs is gr.
The country with the most marathi pop songs is in.
The country with the most texas country songs is us.
The genre south african modern jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german drill songs is de.
The country with the most beat italiano songs is it.
The genre swedish house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kuduro songs is pt.
The genre jungle did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most samba-rock songs is pt.
The country with the most finnish electro songs is fi.
The genre historic string quartet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre anarcho-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most drill francais songs is fr.
The country with the most japanese folk songs is jp.
The country with the most j-poprock songs is jp.
The genre bulgarian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most new jersey underground rap songs is us.
The country with the most klubowe songs is pl.
The genre bisaya indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chamame brasilero did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most estonian indie songs is ee.
The country with the most perreo songs is cl.
The country with the most harlem renaissance songs is au.
The country with the most deep soul house songs is co.
The genre musica para criancas did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre marimba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep free jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lldm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ska chileno songs is cl.
The genre swiss classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre queer country did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian ska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nova musica paulista songs is br.
The genre galician jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop chileno songs is cl.
The genre progressive post-hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre broken beat did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese soul songs is jp.
The country with the most greek indie songs is cy.
The country with the most australian indie folk songs is nl.
The genre symphonic power metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sesotho hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most compositional ambient songs is pl.
The genre tajik pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most soul songs is za.
The country with the most dangdut koplo songs is id.
The country with the most libyan pop songs is eg.
The genre deep happy hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lilith songs is ph.
The genre senegalese traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most adult standards songs is hu.
The country with the most chill drill songs is gb.
The genre marathi devotional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre partido alto did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dancehall songs is cr.
The genre polish folk metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tango cancion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre venezuelan metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most czech drill songs is cz.
The genre classic progressive house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic russian rock songs is ru.
The genre miami metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hands up songs is at.
The country with the most chamber folk songs is is.
The genre deep contemporary country did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre early music choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre post-punk mexicano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most urban contemporary songs is ca.
The genre indie game soundtrack did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most anime rock songs is jp.
The genre paracana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dutch blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre moog did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre columbus ohio indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian city pop songs is id.
The country with the most idol kayo songs is jp.
The country with the most soul flow songs is cl.
The country with the most san diego rap songs is us.
The genre orchestral performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most contemporary jazz songs is no.
The genre doo-wop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap guarulhense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tulsa indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre coupe-decale did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most south african rock songs is za.
The country with the most trap funk songs is br.
The country with the most gaming dubstep songs is lu.
The country with the most operatic pop songs is se.
The genre deep dance pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre adventista did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mbira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep progressive house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thai pop songs is th.
The country with the most nueva cancion songs is cl.
The genre poznan indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock alternativo espanol songs is es.
The country with the most australian children's music songs is au.
The country with the most j-division songs is jp.
The genre cocuk sarkilari did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hot jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dark rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nu metal songs is bg.
The country with the most salsa peruana songs is pe.
The genre backing track did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vapor soul songs is lt.
The genre baps did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre caucasian classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cello songs is fi.
The genre carnatic vocal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica aragonesa songs is mx.
The country with the most rap francais songs is fr.
The country with the most contemporary vocal jazz songs is hu.
The country with the most czech metal songs is cz.
The genre uae indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre french dub did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre world meditation did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german punk songs is de.
The country with the most spanish indie pop songs is es.
The country with the most big band songs is ee.
The genre koligeet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre worcester ma indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep german hip hop songs is de.
The genre handbells did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre punjabi folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish indie rock songs is se.
The genre greek downtempo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most christian rock songs is bg.
The country with the most moderne ludovky songs is sk.
The genre amharic pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pokemon songs is dk.
The genre musique mauritanienne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre erotic product did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kinderliedjies did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most romanian rock songs is ro.
The genre nordic soundtrack did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre prog metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most carnaval songs is nl.
The genre instrumental funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most slowcore songs is it.
The genre progressive metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most popping songs is fr.
The genre nz indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nuevo flamenco did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish gangsta rap songs is se.
The genre operetta did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most copla songs is es.
The country with the most german indie folk songs is at.
The genre mongolian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most shib songs is jp.
The genre viola da gamba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vintage rockabilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vinahouse songs is vn.
The genre musica infantil did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pastoral songs is au.
The genre scottish americana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre belgian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most britpop revival songs is gb.
The country with the most austindie songs is at.
The genre kantele did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chaotic hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most organic electronic songs is at.
The genre coral gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lithuanian jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre forro tradicional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre punk chileno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop songs is se.
The genre south carolina indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre noise punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rock goiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian viral rap songs is ua.
The country with the most german hard rock songs is cy.
The country with the most icelandic pop songs is is.
The country with the most ukrainian classical songs is us.
The genre oaxaca indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical piano duo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lgbtq+ hip hop songs is ca.
The genre er ge did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musical advocacy songs is gb.
The country with the most australian singer-songwriter songs is au.
The genre forest psy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pink noise did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic sinhala pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most native american hip hop songs is cz.
The genre chinese experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian rock songs is ru.
The genre german romanticism did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre riddim dubstep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indian percussion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk viral songs is br.
The genre guided meditation did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pakistani indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kyushu indie songs is jp.
The genre oc indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chanson quebecois did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre welsh folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic praise did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most country rap songs is us.
The country with the most indonesian pop punk songs is id.
The country with the most chicano rap songs is ar.
The genre canadian death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most taiwan pop songs is tw.
The country with the most indonesian emo songs is id.
The genre quartetto d'archi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most memphis hip hop songs is us.
The genre italian baroque ensemble did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica istmena did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most celtic punk songs is us.
The genre rap metal espanol did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic finnish rock songs is fi.
The genre duranguense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most christian alternative rock songs is hu.
The country with the most french rock songs is fr.
The country with the most polish synthpop songs is pl.
The genre german heavy metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre irish dance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish country songs is se.
The genre assyrian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most israeli rock songs is il.
The country with the most wave songs is pl.
The country with the most brighton indie songs is gb.
The country with the most big beat songs is is.
The country with the most tropical alternativo songs is ar.
The country with the most cowboy western songs is us.
The genre african-american classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gabonese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most desi pop songs is in.
The country with the most neoclassical darkwave songs is pl.
The country with the most norsk lovsang songs is no.
The genre bosnian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre honky tonk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian industrial did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tabla did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most intelligent dance music songs is tw.
The country with the most movie tunes songs is ph.
The country with the most stoner metal songs is be.
The country with the most pop quebecois songs is ca.
The country with the most cali rap songs is us.
The country with the most bass trap songs is sa.
The genre congolese gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap norteno chileno songs is cl.
The genre oceania soundtrack did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most j-pixie songs is jp.
The genre jazz cubano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre wassoulou did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most greek drill songs is gr.
The genre deep east coast hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most metropopolis songs is lt.
The genre writing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre austrian orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre reggae gaucho did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bosnian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre instrumental math rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre western saharan folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nz singer-songwriter songs is nz.
The country with the most nigerian hip hop songs is za.
The genre musica mallorquina did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre street punk espanol did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indie fuzzpop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most porro songs is co.
The country with the most brega romantico songs is br.
The genre japanese new wave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian jazz songs is it.
The genre spanish rockabilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indian fusion songs is in.
The genre early music ensemble did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre streektaal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most campursari songs is id.
The country with the most melbourne bounce international songs is no.
The country with the most kalmar indie songs is se.
The country with the most scorecore songs is sa.
The genre italian stoner rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre heavy gothic rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most novelty songs is gb.
The genre dresden indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most eau claire indie songs is us.
The country with the most orchestral soundtrack songs is sa.
The country with the most new school turkce rap songs is tr.
The country with the most drill italiana songs is it.
The genre deep darkpsy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lawrence ks indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian hip hop songs is id.
The country with the most pixie songs is jp.
The country with the most st louis rap songs is us.
The country with the most glitch songs is ee.
The country with the most afrikaans songs is za.
The genre seiyu did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dutch pop songs is nl.
The country with the most bayerischer rap songs is at.
The country with the most atl trap songs is us.
The country with the most japanese trap songs is jp.
The genre twee pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica costena songs is sv.
The genre progressive uplifting trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cumbia funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre street punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre suomisaundi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique traditionnelle comorienne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hengelliset laulut did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swiss hip hop songs is ch.
The genre musica rondoniense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish jazz songs is se.
The country with the most ambient songs is tw.
The country with the most drill tuga songs is pt.
The genre cologne electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian gangster rap songs is ua.
The country with the most swedish idol pop songs is se.
The genre gambian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most la pop songs is lt.
The country with the most mpb songs is br.
The country with the most australian alternative pop songs is au.
The genre underground boom bap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre miami bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre southern china indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tanzanian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic garage rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german singer-songwriter songs is at.
The genre raggatek did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nu gaze did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep freestyle did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ska catala did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bossbeat songs is cl.
The country with the most neon pop punk songs is ca.
The genre classic korean pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chicago punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep deep house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre danish jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic persian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre atlanta indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre newfoundland indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most suomirap songs is fi.
The genre norwegian blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nashville singer-songwriter songs is ca.
The genre dark electro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most salsa urbana songs is pe.
The genre german dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre harpsichord did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian country songs is no.
The country with the most hip hop tuga songs is pt.
The country with the most trondheim indie songs is cy.
The country with the most german tech house songs is gb.
The country with the most british soundtrack songs is sa.
The genre mariachi cristiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indie valenciana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most blues songs is us.
The country with the most zouk songs is fr.
The country with the most ottawa rap songs is ee.
The genre experimental dub did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most belgian indie rock songs is be.
The country with the most brega songs is br.
The genre nwothm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre togolese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most danish pop songs is dk.
The genre new orleans soul did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese soundtrack did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic k-pop songs is tw.
The genre classical guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ohio hip hop songs is bg.
The genre electroacoustic improvisation did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most carnaval cadiz songs is co.
The country with the most indie soul songs is au.
The genre art punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rva indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tucson indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most arrocha songs is br.
The genre brazilian blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre finnish rockabilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap carioca songs is br.
The country with the most hoerspiel songs is de.
The country with the most neo-manele songs is ro.
The genre canadian experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latvian hip hop songs is lv.
The country with the most lithuanian rock songs is lt.
The country with the most christian a cappella songs is hu.
The genre granada indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre flick hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ukrainian folk pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre french garage rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folclore tucumano songs is ni.
The genre tropicalia did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre east coast reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most shimmer psych songs is pl.
The genre drone folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock chapin songs is gt.
The genre rap galego did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tagalog rap songs is ph.
The country with the most north east england indie songs is no.
The genre german renaissance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most melodic dubstep songs is lu.
The genre michigan folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie siciliano songs is it.
The country with the most vancouver indie songs is ca.
The country with the most nice indie songs is fr.
The genre smooth soul did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish classical songs is no.
The genre musique alsacienne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre drone rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most avant-garde jazz songs is pl.
The country with the most rap regio songs is bo.
The genre preschool children's music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre corrosion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most neue deutsche harte songs is at.
The country with the most sleaze rock songs is ca.
The country with the most city pop songs is id.
The genre musica folk asturiana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre american contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish dancehall songs is se.
The genre skramz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indonesian death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most afropop songs is za.
The country with the most mgp songs is dk.
The country with the most cumbia chilena songs is cl.
The genre polish prog did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre calypso did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian progressive rock songs is at.
The genre czech contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre magyar retro dance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most javanese dangdut songs is id.
The country with the most samba reggae songs is br.
The country with the most gen z singer-songwriter songs is dk.
The country with the most polish viral rap songs is pl.
The country with the most indian electronic songs is in.
The genre language did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre carnatic instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dub metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polish hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vintage spanish pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre west bengali pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap soul songs is ca.
The country with the most danish electronic songs is dk.
The country with the most german trance songs is gb.
The country with the most chinese minyao songs is tw.
The genre retro metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bolobedu house songs is za.
The genre nueva ola chilena did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre charango did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre psychobilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bodo pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most scottish singer-songwriter songs is be.
The country with the most traprun songs is lu.
The country with the most stomp pop songs is us.
The genre villancicos did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most czsk reggae songs is sk.
The genre new orleans indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most worship songs is th.
The genre cantautor catala did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rkt songs is ar.
The genre trekkspill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gulf hip hop songs is sa.
The genre novo rock gaucho did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chill lounge did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo kyma did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most volksmusik songs is de.
The genre rwandan pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most purple sound songs is pl.
The genre berlin school did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap maroc songs is ma.
The country with the most contemporary r&b songs is ca.
The country with the most rap romantico songs is es.
The genre cedm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chanson humoristique did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre late romantic era did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre emocore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swiss folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish jazz songs is tr.
The country with the most classic indonesian rock songs is id.
The genre math pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most slovak rock songs is sk.
The country with the most gaming edm songs is sa.
The genre musica tradicional cubana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop soul songs is tw.
The genre chinese metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre uptempo hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical flute did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most jumpstyle songs is be.
The genre shabad did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica costarricense songs is cr.
The genre anime drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lagu madura did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap ivoire songs is fr.
The country with the most acoustic pop songs is ph.
The country with the most progressive bluegrass songs is tw.
The genre classic eurovision did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre uk worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica ecuatoguineana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre apostolic worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chill r&b songs is th.
The genre instrumental worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tamburica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre groove gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap peruano songs is pe.
The country with the most australian psych songs is br.
The country with the most leipzig electronic songs is at.
The country with the most lithuanian electronic songs is at.
The country with the most swedish pop songs is se.
The country with the most tallava songs is ch.
The country with the most czsk viral pop songs is cz.
The genre liquid funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most narco rap songs is mx.
The country with the most italian hip hop songs is it.
The country with the most grupera songs is py.
The genre korean classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cypriot hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre israeli folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre irish underground rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vintage italian soundtrack songs is sa.
The country with the most new age songs is hu.
The genre ska revival did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre steampunk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alberta country songs is ca.
The country with the most russian plugg songs is us.
The genre sevilla indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most arkansas country songs is gb.
The genre rap anime did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep disco songs is au.
The country with the most beats songs is za.
The genre rap malien did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most country songs is us.
The country with the most aussie drill songs is au.
The country with the most industrial metal songs is bg.
The country with the most japanese dance pop songs is jp.
The genre american classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most belgian dance songs is at.
The genre massage did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most batidao romantico songs is br.
The country with the most uk doom metal songs is br.
The genre desert blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre turkish electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brazilian ccm songs is es.
The country with the most barbadian pop songs is us.
The country with the most underground amapiano songs is za.
The genre popwave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most birmingham indie songs is gb.
The genre background jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gabba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre persian alternative did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rozpravky songs is sk.
The genre rap gabonais did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre charanga did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk rock songs is au.
The country with the most scandipop songs is no.
The genre musica de fondo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish pop songs is fi.
The country with the most danish pop rock songs is dk.
The country with the most finnish alternative rock songs is fi.
The genre canti alpini did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre melodic hard rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cathedral choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hip house songs is fi.
The genre jackin' house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre oriental classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most schlager songs is de.
The genre xtra raw did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian indie songs is id.
The genre drone metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre latin ska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most colombian hip hop songs is co.
The country with the most musica andina chilena songs is cl.
The genre vintage italian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mississippi indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deconstructed club songs is is.
The genre austrian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jig and reel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian pop rock songs is it.
The genre antilliaanse folklore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mexican metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electro-pop francais songs is fr.
The genre son cubano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rock gospel brasileiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most paraguayan rock songs is py.
The genre high-tech minimal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie poptimism songs is lt.
The genre norwegian punk rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gothenburg hip hop songs is se.
The genre italian trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre doomcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese pop punk songs is jp.
The genre italian bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre comedie musicale did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rabindra sangeet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian viral pop songs is ru.
The genre bajki did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most french opera songs is at.
The country with the most rap canario songs is es.
The genre sanfona did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most peruvian rock songs is pe.
The country with the most folklore paraguayo songs is py.
The genre manila sound did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most israeli mediterranean songs is il.
The country with the most argentine heavy metal songs is ar.
The genre nursery did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre belgian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mexican pop songs is mx.
The country with the most pop dance songs is lt.
The country with the most persian pop songs is tr.
The genre brass quintet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most british alternative rock songs is gb.
The genre dytyachi pisni did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian singer-songwriter songs is pl.
The country with the most korean indie folk songs is tw.
The genre uk post-hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre portuguese techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish worship songs is fi.
The genre indonesian punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most spacegrunge songs is br.
The country with the most australian indie rock songs is au.
The genre australian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre yoga did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hyphy songs is us.
The genre miami indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most albanian hip hop songs is ch.
The country with the most firenze indie songs is it.
The country with the most indiecoustica songs is tw.
The country with the most flamenco fusion songs is ar.
The genre symfonicky orchestr did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dutch musical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre old school nederhop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep deep tech house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep indie pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gainesville indie songs is ca.
The genre malaysian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most renaissance songs is au.
The country with the most musique guadeloupe songs is hk.
The country with the most indie emo songs is at.
The country with the most bc underground hip hop songs is ca.
The country with the most boy pop songs is lv.
The country with the most finnish progressive metal songs is fi.
The genre nuevo tango did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre myanmar indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese rockabilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian power metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chicago hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre candombe did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre carimbo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre fort worth indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nu-cumbia songs is ar.
The genre double drumming did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most puerto rican folk songs is pa.
The genre funk evangelico did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nashville hip hop songs is us.
The genre psychedelic folk rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jota aragonesa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre israeli classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep progressive rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alternative pop songs is au.
The country with the most bachata songs is do.
The genre nashville indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre euskal musica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most belarusian rock songs is ru.
The country with the most ye ye songs is be.
The country with the most cologne indie songs is at.
The country with the most albanian pop songs is ch.
The country with the most czsk electropop songs is cz.
The country with the most indonesian indie rock songs is id.
The genre laboratorio did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latin alternative songs is ar.
The country with the most vocal jazz songs is hu.
The country with the most nederlandse hardstyle songs is nl.
The country with the most turkish modern jazz songs is tr.
The genre icelandic traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most urbano espanol songs is es.
The country with the most mexican classic rock songs is ar.
The genre rap gaucho did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre environmental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thai indie songs is th.
The genre organetto did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian choir songs is no.
The genre deep melodic metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre electronica cristiana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alabama rap songs is ca.
The country with the most uk christian rap songs is gb.
The country with the most post-punk songs is lt.
The country with the most estonian electronic songs is ee.
The country with the most punk blues songs is us.
The country with the most quebec indie songs is ca.
The genre french classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre american orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish hardcore songs is pl.
The genre jazz drums did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indian edm songs is in.
The country with the most upstate ny rap songs is us.
The genre shred did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most austin americana songs is at.
The genre sevdah did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indonesian experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre turkish experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most plugg songs is us.
The genre narodnozabavna did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre anglican liturgy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lo-fi chill songs is de.
The country with the most australian talent show songs is au.
The genre bay area hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk dance songs is gb.
The genre canadian post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chicago soul songs is us.
The country with the most israeli singer-songwriter songs is il.
The country with the most vispop songs is ph.
The genre kabarett did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre galante era did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie rock italiano songs is it.
The genre inuit traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre fado antigo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most freestyle songs is ar.
The country with the most icelandic choir songs is is.
The country with the most indie quebecois songs is ca.
The genre bells did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kentucky indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kurdish pop songs is de.
The genre ohio hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most visual kei songs is hk.
The genre caracas indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tipico songs is do.
The genre muzica ardeleneasca did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most merengue tipico songs is do.
The genre south african electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic soundtrack songs is sa.
The country with the most classic latvian pop songs is lv.
The genre power electronics did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most breakbeat songs is gb.
The country with the most j-acoustic songs is jp.
The genre finnish choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most belarusian pop songs is ru.
The genre skweee did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish trap pop songs is se.
The country with the most axe songs is br.
The country with the most halftime dnb songs is ee.
The genre blackgaze did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre milwaukee hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swiss trap songs is ch.
The genre afrikaans gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brega funk songs is br.
The country with the most lithuanian trap songs is lt.
The genre tech trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre death industrial did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pakistani pop songs is in.
The country with the most turkish classical performance songs is tr.
The country with the most italian adult pop songs is it.
The genre darkstep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cosmic post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre palestinian alternative did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mathcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most milan indie songs is it.
The country with the most japanese r&b songs is jp.
The genre slack-key guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre malayalam pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica llanera songs is co.
The genre winnipeg hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre okc indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dansk lovsang did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre grebo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre finnish contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian baritone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most microhouse songs is at.
The genre german indie pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre post-disco soul did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vlaamse kinderliedje songs is be.
The country with the most dabke songs is sa.
The country with the most country dawn songs is ca.
The country with the most power metal songs is fi.
The genre san antonio indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica occitana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre harmonica blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre alternative roots rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sad lo-fi songs is lt.
The genre philly drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nyhc did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hyperpop francais did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic hungarian pop songs is hu.
The genre african electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ottawa indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most singaporean pop songs is sg.
The country with the most proto-hyperpop songs is gb.
The country with the most canadian electronic songs is ca.
The genre japanese post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock uruguayo songs is uy.
The genre argentine jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dusseldorf indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hip hop cubano songs is ar.
The country with the most australian trap songs is au.
The country with the most vintage french electronic songs is fr.
The genre musica maringaense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap dominicano songs is do.
The genre hindustani classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most panamanian pop songs is pa.
The genre ambient techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic female blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep german punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre psicodelia brasileira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most complextro songs is lt.
The country with the most afro house songs is za.
The genre african reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian pop songs is id.
The country with the most opera metal songs is fi.
The country with the most trap latino songs is cl.
The genre mantra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre metallic hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian dance pop songs is ru.
The genre sinhala rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical cello did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cornish folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bronx hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most taiwan campus folk songs is tw.
The country with the most melbourne bounce songs is fi.
The country with the most samba moderno songs is br.
The genre vocal ensemble did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ethereal wave songs is is.
The country with the most kiwi rock songs is nz.
The country with the most new york drill songs is us.
The genre dark jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre louisiana blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bohemian baroque did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre acoustic rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most orgcore songs is ca.
The genre boston rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre halifax indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre guitarra clasica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ska punk songs is us.
The country with the most jump up songs is at.
The genre italian baroque did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock mineiro songs is br.
The genre virginia metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spanish blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jirai kei did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre guinean pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chihuahua indie songs is co.
The genre northeast indian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre australian americana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cosmic american did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo-crust did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian violin did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre abstract idm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most viet remix songs is vn.
The genre andean flute did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish americana songs is se.
The genre musica eletronica brasileira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre funky house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre throat singing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tamazight did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pet calming did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lagu karo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical tuba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre zespol dzieciecy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre proto-rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electronic trap songs is lv.
The country with the most cuban alternative songs is ar.
The genre dutch experimental electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique militaire did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gqom songs is za.
The genre modern enka did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bandoneon did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese psychedelic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jacksonville indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre historically informed performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish hip hop songs is fi.
The country with the most modern salsa songs is pe.
The country with the most vocal house songs is nl.
The country with the most venda pop songs is za.
The country with the most bases de freestyle songs is ar.
The country with the most danish metal songs is at.
The genre scottish folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most athens indie songs is ar.
The country with the most variete francaise songs is fr.
The genre oshare kei did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most emo trap en espanol songs is es.
The genre gnawa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean pop songs is tw.
The country with the most norwegian singer-songwriter songs is no.
The genre dallas indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chinese talent show did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brisbane indie songs is au.
The country with the most south carolina hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most permanent wave songs is ca.
The country with the most dutch moombahton songs is nl.
The country with the most venezuelan rock songs is ar.
The country with the most thai viral pop songs is th.
The country with the most irish folk songs is ca.
The country with the most psychedelic hip hop songs is za.
The country with the most rap chileno songs is cl.
The country with the most rap conscient songs is fr.
The genre guitarra argentina did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neue volksmusik did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hungarian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lo-fi indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polish experimental electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most malaysian hip hop songs is my.
The genre umea indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre austro-german modernism did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chasidic pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sudanese hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most indonesian rock songs is id.
The country with the most salsa colombiana songs is co.
The country with the most irish rock songs is ie.
The country with the most gothenburg metal songs is fi.
The country with the most french tech house songs is at.
The country with the most partyschlager songs is de.
The genre danish choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre small room did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre paisley underground did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neapolitan funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian trap songs is ca.
The country with the most belgian electronic songs is be.
The genre american modern classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swing revival did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic azeri pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most children's music songs is at.
The country with the most post-rock songs is tw.
The genre nz jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy indie songs is ph.
The country with the most nz dnb songs is nz.
The genre experimental dubstep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo-rockabilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep ragga did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre isle of wight indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most baltic classical songs is lv.
The genre czech electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica brasiliense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian romanticism did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock potiguar songs is br.
The country with the most cantopop songs is hk.
The country with the most austrian indie songs is at.
The country with the most japanese teen pop songs is jp.
The genre derry indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre trikiti did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most czsk hip hop songs is cz.
The country with the most uk pop songs is gb.
The country with the most denton tx indie songs is mx.
The country with the most australian underground hip hop songs is au.
The country with the most qanun songs is tr.
The genre motivation did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep surf music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre detskie pesni did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chillsynth did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre uk tech house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre argentine hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most oslo indie songs is no.
The country with the most bhajan songs is in.
The genre ghibli did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latin metal songs is ar.
The country with the most finnish new wave songs is fi.
The genre lo-fi brasileiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian americana songs is ca.
The genre pop nacional antigas did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most drill songs is gr.
The genre honeyworks did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tampa indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre esperanto did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre industrial hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most puerto rican indie songs is do.
The country with the most future garage songs is pl.
The genre mumbai indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical contralto did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hyperpop italiano songs is it.
The genre new comedy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most polish folk songs is is.
The genre folklore venezolano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian post punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre disney portugues brasil did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ny roots did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre stockholm indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german punk rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkce drill songs is tr.
The genre vaqueiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz caraibes did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most country road songs is us.
The genre canadian metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie curitibano songs is br.
The country with the most experimental hip hop songs is us.
The genre euro hi-nrg did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop reggaeton songs is pe.
The country with the most shoegaze songs is au.
The country with the most hollywood songs is gb.
The genre jamgrass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most 48g songs is th.
The genre syrian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most polish alternative rap songs is pl.
The genre deep funk house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre boston hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica madeirense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sertanejo gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lagu maluku did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most socal pop punk songs is ca.
The country with the most r&b argentino songs is ar.
The genre contemporary choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gruperas inmortales songs is py.
The country with the most dance-punk songs is ie.
The country with the most bedroom soul songs is ph.
The genre french baroque did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre footwork did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic anime songs is jp.
The country with the most belarusian indie songs is ru.
The genre focus did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nova musica pernambucana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nz reggae songs is nz.
The country with the most deep acoustic pop songs is gb.
The country with the most oud songs is de.
The genre russian romanticism did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chilean rock songs is cl.
The genre florida hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most aesthetic rap songs is ee.
The genre rap nortista did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gothic symphonic metal songs is fi.
The country with the most cdo indie songs is ph.
The country with the most synth funk songs is ar.
The country with the most uk contemporary jazz songs is pl.
The genre montreal indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kasi rap songs is za.
The country with the most french shoegaze songs is us.
The country with the most punk tuga songs is pt.
The genre contemporary gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kabyle moderne did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sesotho pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre msica pitiusa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre west coast trap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most skansk musik songs is se.
The genre sambalpuri pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chanson songs is fr.
The country with the most polish trap songs is pl.
The country with the most bubblegrunge songs is us.
The country with the most indie pop songs is lt.
The genre violao classico did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica eletronica gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dark pop songs is us.
The genre rocksteady did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swamp pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most symphonic rock songs is gb.
The genre emo punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre punk ska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre math rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polish jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gospel papiamento did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most luxembourgian hip hop songs is lu.
The country with the most french romanticism songs is at.
The country with the most roots rock songs is fr.
The country with the most smooth jazz songs is ee.
The country with the most progressive house songs is nl.
The country with the most chinese electropop songs is tw.
The country with the most k-pop girl group songs is tw.
The country with the most skate punk songs is ca.
The genre deep downtempo fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre malawian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bansuri did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap underground colombiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian post-punk songs is ru.
The country with the most austin hip hop songs is lt.
The genre japanese shoegaze did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polish techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cyberpunk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most j-reggae songs is jp.
The genre dutch death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indonesian deathcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre alternative emo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre merida indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre galician indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ectofolk songs is hu.
The country with the most proto-techno songs is pl.
The country with the most polish alternative songs is pl.
The genre kirtan did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most destroy techno songs is gb.
The genre nz children's music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most syrian pop songs is sa.
The genre melodic techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica indigena brasileira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most koledy songs is pl.
The country with the most swedish rock-and-roll songs is se.
The country with the most indie rock mexicano songs is mx.
The genre spanish prog did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre oratory did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most icelandic folk songs is is.
The country with the most dusseldorf electronic songs is nl.
The country with the most hamburg electronic songs is at.
The country with the most musica canaria songs is es.
The genre minimal melodic techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ballroom did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian drain songs is ru.
The country with the most berlin minimal techno songs is de.
The country with the most spanish invasion songs is hn.
The genre forro manauara did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian indie songs is no.
The country with the most spectra songs is pl.
The country with the most afrofuturism songs is lt.
The country with the most palestinian traditional songs is sa.
The genre japanese progressive house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most jazz trumpet songs is hu.
The genre lowercase did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre london indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian soundtrack songs is sa.
The genre batak did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian percussion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish indie songs is fi.
The country with the most gujarati pop songs is in.
The genre musica piauiense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most antideutsche songs is at.
The genre indie napoletano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap kreyol songs is us.
The genre gaita zuliana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most slovak pop songs is sk.
The genre german ccm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ecuadorian pop songs is ec.
The genre psychedelic doom did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most acoustic chill songs is se.
The country with the most turkce slow sarkilar songs is tr.
The genre deathstep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most k-rap songs is kr.
The genre musica sergipana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre trova mexicana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre saxophone trio did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most arab electronic songs is bg.
The genre prepared piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz cover did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most groove room songs is bg.
The country with the most mizrahi songs is il.
The country with the most rock alternatif francais songs is at.
The country with the most karneval songs is de.
The genre acid trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most space ambient songs is pl.
The country with the most happy hardcore songs is at.
The country with the most chamber psych songs is tr.
The genre nephop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre folk siciliana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre raw black metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese indie rock songs is jp.
The genre klezmer did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bruneian pop songs is my.
The genre modern darkwave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk pop songs is br.
The genre traditional funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ghanaian pop songs is nl.
The genre austrian techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre maloya did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre australian jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chimurenga did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap femenino mexicano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most melodic rap songs is ca.
The country with the most sierreno songs is mx.
The country with the most vietnamese singer-songwriter songs is vn.
The genre french folk pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep liquid bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic bulgarian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk ostentacao songs is br.
The genre belgian dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thai indie pop songs is th.
The country with the most korean old school hip hop songs is hk.
The country with the most brazilian emo songs is br.
The country with the most birmingham metal songs is mt.
The genre hmong pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most solo wave songs is py.
The genre combos nacionales did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop lgbtq+ brasileira songs is br.
The genre venezuelan indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kayokyoku did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most speed metal songs is bg.
The country with the most underground rap songs is de.
The genre bossa nova jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre samba paulista did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish psychedelic rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spanish techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most belgian edm songs is be.
The country with the most reggaeton mexicano songs is mx.
The genre west african jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most neo-classical songs is it.
The genre funeral doom did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thai trap songs is th.
The genre techno rave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre russian techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brooklyn indie songs is lt.
The genre northamptonshire indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo-trad metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre minimal wave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic pakistani pop songs is in.
The country with the most classic italian pop songs is it.
The country with the most modern cello songs is eg.
The country with the most polish post-punk songs is pl.
The genre maine hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rebel blues songs is fr.
The country with the most classic israeli pop songs is il.
The genre cdmx indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most thrash metal songs is bg.
The country with the most faroese indie songs is is.
The country with the most forro songs is br.
The country with the most xinyao songs is sg.
The country with the most afro r&b songs is za.
The genre melodic deathcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish pop punk songs is fi.
The genre galway indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most art pop songs is au.
The genre piano cover did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most singaporean singer-songwriter songs is sg.
The country with the most wonky songs is pl.
The genre trap kreyol did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian indie songs is ru.
The country with the most new beat songs is ar.
The country with the most nederreggae songs is nl.
The genre flint hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre slovenian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre forro gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most smutny rap songs is pl.
The genre tololoche did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kyrgyz hip hop songs is ru.
The country with the most pacific islands pop songs is nz.
The country with the most sheffield indie songs is gb.
The country with the most maltese pop songs is mt.
The genre jazzy dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most doom metal songs is br.
The genre oakland indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica per bambini songs is it.
The country with the most electro house songs is nl.
The country with the most houston indie songs is tw.
The country with the most canadian pop songs is ca.
The country with the most reggaeton colombiano songs is co.
The country with the most chanson virale songs is fr.
The country with the most ryukyu ongaku songs is jp.
The genre protopunk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre maga rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre yoik did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most flamenco guitar songs is es.
The genre nwobhm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap uliczny songs is pl.
The genre midwest emo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most heligonka songs is sk.
The country with the most palm desert scene songs is be.
The genre country quebecois did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap catala songs is ar.
The genre german hyperpop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nu disco songs is au.
The country with the most jawaiian songs is cr.
The country with the most avant-garde songs is pl.
The genre outsider house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most estonian folk songs is ee.
The genre cinematic post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most video game music songs is sa.
The genre classical clarinet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre uk diy punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre balafon did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic tunisian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre australian hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic country pop songs is gb.
The country with the most rap cearense songs is br.
The country with the most drone songs is eg.
The genre nl folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electra songs is au.
The genre venda rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian dance songs is ru.
The genre chamame did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre saskatchewan indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre celtic metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most afro dancehall songs is gb.
The country with the most hard rock brasileiro songs is br.
The genre neo classical metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica ayacuchana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sega did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo-industrial rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre celtic harp did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most soft rock songs is ie.
The country with the most canadian folk songs is ca.
The country with the most swamp rock songs is us.
The genre duduk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock-and-roll songs is se.
The country with the most swedish folk pop songs is se.
The country with the most power pop songs is ca.
The genre bhojpuri pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most traditional blues songs is us.
The country with the most cleveland indie songs is at.
The genre indie canario did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish punk songs is tr.
The genre musica potiguar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lagu timur songs is id.
The genre cool jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish pop songs is tr.
The country with the most dark cabaret songs is no.
The genre bandolim did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre trombone brasileiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brazilian edm songs is br.
The genre folklore surero did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre asheville indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre freak folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most r&b italiano songs is it.
The country with the most estonian jazz songs is ee.
The genre somatik techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep eurodance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pei indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bay area indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most women's music songs is be.
The genre kritika did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre string orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian folk rock songs is ru.
The genre sunset lounge did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian soprano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre finnish tango did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic french pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kazakh pop songs is ua.
The genre nitzhonot did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kurdish folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre connecticut indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre acid techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most old school rap francais songs is fr.
The genre ukrainian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spanish baroque did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern jangle pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre early american folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pagode songs is br.
The country with the most drift songs is ua.
The country with the most norwegian rock songs is no.
The country with the most piano rock songs is ph.
The country with the most latvian pop songs is lv.
The country with the most r&b en espanol songs is es.
The genre classical percussion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rock campineiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sierra leonean pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trancecore songs is fi.
The genre popullore jugu did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre danish experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indie shoegaze did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ostrock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most surinamese hip hop songs is nl.
The genre japanese idm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre portuguese jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre viola did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electropop songs is lt.
The genre elektropunk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre baltic classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop nacional songs is br.
The genre lo-fi house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish hard rock songs is fi.
The genre luxembourgian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most arkansas hip hop songs is us.
The genre vintage swing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most salsa international songs is pa.
The country with the most jazz venezolano songs is co.
The country with the most tecnobrega songs is br.
The genre polish classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most egyptian alternative songs is eg.
The genre serbian alternative rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ethereal gothic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most west coast rap songs is ca.
The country with the most brazilian reggae songs is br.
The country with the most rock drums songs is lu.
The genre industrial techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most comedy rap songs is us.
The genre dub reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish melodeath songs is fi.
The country with the most middle earth songs is at.
The genre experimental percussion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kwaito songs is za.
The genre comptine africaine did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap marseille songs is fr.
The country with the most nz pop songs is nz.
The country with the most poetry songs is pl.
The country with the most deep german indie songs is th.
The country with the most folclor colombiano songs is co.
The country with the most rusyn folk songs is sk.
The country with the most early music songs is at.
The country with the most vintage broadway songs is pl.
The genre duluth indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most polish hip hop songs is pl.
The country with the most rock nacional brasileiro songs is br.
The genre minimal dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre substep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modular synth did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical oboe did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre slovenian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pretty rhythm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most baltimore indie songs is au.
The genre hurdy-gurdy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most stoner rock songs is br.
The genre gothic post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gotlandsk musik did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most icelandic rock songs is is.
The genre spanish jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap guineen songs is cr.
The country with the most malaysian indie songs is my.
The genre zen did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classical piano songs is tr.
The country with the most german reggae songs is de.
The country with the most deep groove house songs is gb.
The country with the most futurepop songs is pt.
The genre pops orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre atmospheric post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic opm songs is ph.
The genre classical era did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mollywood songs is in.
The genre breakcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most frauenrap songs is de.
The genre jamtronica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most digital hardcore songs is lt.
The genre messianic praise did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre norwegian jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kannada hip hop songs is in.
The genre italian jazz fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre downtempo fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lund indie songs is se.
The genre spanish electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nasheed songs is sa.
The genre bulgarian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish alternative rock songs is se.
The country with the most mahraganat songs is eg.
The country with the most classic hungarian rock songs is hu.
The genre german oi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funky tech house songs is hu.
The genre indie cantabria did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most salsa venezolana songs is co.
The genre moravian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica maranhense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vietnamese electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern electroacoustic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most talent show songs is es.
The genre jazz accordion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german house songs is at.
The country with the most indonesian indie pop songs is id.
The genre hard techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk pop punk songs is gb.
The genre thai metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre field recording did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap triste songs is ar.
The genre dub techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese beats did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gumbe did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre world chill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vintage jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bluegrass gospel songs is ua.
The genre swedish choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre austin singer-songwriter did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre space age pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gujarati garba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop rap songs is no.
The country with the most entehno songs is gr.
The country with the most punjabi hip hop songs is in.
The country with the most scottish hip hop songs is pl.
The country with the most sigilkore songs is ee.
The country with the most sovietwave songs is ee.
The country with the most indie garage rock songs is us.
The genre italian library music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese screamo songs is us.
The country with the most rap nacional antigo songs is br.
The genre coldwave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most healing songs is hk.
The genre uk82 did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre focus trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre denver indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre caucasian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sertanejo tradicional songs is br.
The genre kamen rider did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental synth did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most morelos indie songs is bo.
The genre ugandan gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rautalanka songs is fi.
The country with the most rogaland indie songs is no.
The country with the most latin house songs is nl.
The country with the most korean mask singer songs is kr.
The country with the most girl group songs is my.
The country with the most indie dream pop songs is au.
The country with the most edmonton indie songs is us.
The country with the most brazilian hip hop songs is br.
The country with the most hungarian pop songs is hu.
The country with the most sorani pop songs is de.
The genre indonesian blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre christian symphonic metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre reading indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bengali folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre historic orchestral performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funana songs is ar.
The genre ballet class did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chicago indie songs is us.
The country with the most modern alternative pop songs is hu.
The country with the most hong kong rock songs is hk.
The genre minimal dub did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre retro soul did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most faroese pop songs is dk.
The country with the most czech pop songs is cz.
The genre euroska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish edm songs is fi.
The country with the most soul blues songs is ca.
The genre boston metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vintage chanson songs is fr.
The country with the most australian ska songs is au.
The country with the most scottish electronic songs is pl.
The genre japanese piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre galician rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian rock songs is ca.
The genre histoire pour enfants did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most colombian rock songs is co.
The country with the most conscious hip hop songs is us.
The genre breaks did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most south african pop dance songs is za.
The country with the most hong kong hip hop songs is hk.
The genre polka did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sefardi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ambient idm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre turkish post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hard house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental club did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tatar pop songs is ua.
The country with the most filthstep songs is ca.
The genre bolivian rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre zurich indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pittsburgh metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ukulele did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most romanian house songs is br.
The country with the most alternative metal songs is bg.
The country with the most nz gangsta rap songs is nz.
The country with the most folclor afrocolombiano songs is co.
The genre boy soprano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre guitarra portuguesa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tech house songs is de.
The country with the most australian alternative rock songs is au.
The genre australian experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre russian modern classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian trap songs is no.
The genre c86 did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre belgian contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most zolo songs is pl.
The country with the most ukrainian alternative rock songs is ua.
The genre japanese old school hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre munich electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre one-person band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nagpuri pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk mandelao songs is br.
The genre garage psych did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chamber ensemble did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indonesian hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre eletronica underground brasileira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most barnalog songs is is.
The genre hardtekk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian edm songs is lt.
The genre guam indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most jersey club songs is lv.
The genre japanese instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre garage pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre synthwave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica infantil catala did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep southern trap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre taiwan electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre alternative ccm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most luxembourgian pop songs is lu.
The genre greek contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre malagasy folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre utah indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most african rock songs is za.
The genre shamisen did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk bass songs is pl.
The genre latin american classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sean-nos singing songs is ca.
The genre ghoststep did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lao hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dark minimal techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre danish classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre harlem hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most neo-psychedelic songs is tr.
The country with the most german trap songs is de.
The country with the most indonesian edm songs is id.
The country with the most ska songs is se.
The genre deep new wave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese underground rap songs is jp.
The genre wellington indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most soul jazz songs is id.
The genre german electronica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most oi songs is ca.
The genre modern psychedelic folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latvian indie songs is lv.
The country with the most freeform hardcore songs is no.
The country with the most indie rock songs is au.
The country with the most northern soul songs is us.
The country with the most polynesian hip hop songs is nz.
The country with the most modern bollywood songs is in.
The genre zim urban groove did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre latincore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish melodic rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre southern americana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre outsider did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre greek folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre instrumental acoustic guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre croatian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre little rock indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre charlotte nc indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre folk cantabria did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most greek swing songs is gr.
The country with the most kizomba songs is pt.
The genre brazilian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica tropical guatemalteca did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean underground rap songs is kr.
The genre ambient post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most greek trap songs is gr.
The genre jazz tuba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sound songs is sa.
The genre library music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic j-pop songs is jp.
The country with the most sunshine pop songs is gb.
The country with the most nz electronic songs is nz.
The genre classical accordion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most keroncong songs is my.
The country with the most slayer songs is bg.
The genre experimental classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre russian orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre iowa hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy idol pop songs is ph.
The genre serbian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish rock songs is tr.
The genre wind symphony did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre african gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most haryanvi pop songs is in.
The country with the most moldovan pop songs is ro.
The genre tijuana indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folklore chileno songs is cl.
The genre korean experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bristol indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre finnish techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre caucasian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre early synthpop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most filmi songs is in.
The genre neo-traditional country did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pop minang did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese singer-songwriter songs is jp.
The genre italian orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most romantico songs is br.
The country with the most dream smp songs is us.
The country with the most mestissatge songs is es.
The genre rock pernambucano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian hyperpop songs is ua.
The genre rock paraibano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most jazz trio songs is tw.
The genre mainland se asia metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most anti-folk songs is gb.
The genre jewish a capella did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian jazz songs is id.
The country with the most queens hip hop songs is sk.
The country with the most south african country songs is za.
The country with the most rap baiano songs is br.
The country with the most oktoberfest songs is de.
The genre classic ukrainian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre portuguese indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre music hall did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hammond organ did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish folk songs is fi.
The country with the most azeri pop songs is tr.
The genre chamber choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre karelian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic konkani pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep tech house songs is gb.
The genre lute did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre electro jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre slovak indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean r&b songs is kr.
The genre nyahbinghi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german soundtrack songs is be.
The country with the most dutch cabaret songs is nl.
The genre sinaloa indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most australian garage punk songs is au.
The country with the most electro swing songs is fr.
The genre manitoba indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish classical songs is tr.
The genre bahamian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap mocambicana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian gothic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german techno songs is ee.
The genre austrian jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep disco house songs is au.
The country with the most sinhala pop songs is in.
The genre modern string quartet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most violin songs is at.
The country with the most italian pop songs is it.
The country with the most adoracao songs is br.
The country with the most icelandic indie songs is is.
The genre dub poetry did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian punk rock songs is ru.
The country with the most vocaloid songs is jp.
The genre latin viral rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic soul songs is pl.
The country with the most egyptian trap songs is eg.
The country with the most musica afroperuana songs is pe.
The genre classical bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian opera did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indonesian worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hauntology did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre norwegian hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre maskandi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre slovenske chvaly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre touhou did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hamburg indie songs is at.
The genre plug brasileiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most muzica moldoveneasca songs is ee.
The country with the most pop romantico songs is mx.
The country with the most blues rock songs is us.
The country with the most j-rap songs is jp.
The genre velha guarda did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre romanian folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hammered dulcimer did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most contemporary classical songs is pl.
The country with the most rock en espanol songs is ar.
The country with the most portuguese rock songs is pt.
The genre classic punjabi pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre drumfunk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vancouver metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lagu jawa songs is id.
The country with the most neo-synthpop songs is lt.
The country with the most idol songs is se.
The country with the most drift phonk songs is ua.
The genre men's choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep hardtechno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electronica songs is pl.
The country with the most kansas city hip hop songs is us.
The genre italian choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre glitch hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vintage hollywood did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most brazilian gospel songs is br.
The country with the most la indie songs is us.
The country with the most swiss reggae songs is ch.
The country with the most oakland hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most christian music songs is hu.
The genre smooth saxophone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dancehall colombiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre futuristic swag did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese jazz songs is jp.
The genre atmospheric post-metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nordic post-rock songs is is.
The country with the most deep house songs is at.
The genre djecje pjesme did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre khayal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre metal cover did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brega paraense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic canadian rock songs is gb.
The genre indie paraense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chillstep songs is sa.
The genre french orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most australian dance songs is au.
The genre japanese boom bap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ragga jungle did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most singaporean mandopop songs is tw.
The country with the most acoustic opm songs is ph.
The country with the most uk americana songs is fr.
The genre muzica usoara did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bangla pop songs is in.
The genre indie electronica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre contemporary classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre huayno popular did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most venezuelan hip hop songs is cl.
The country with the most classic polish pop songs is pl.
The country with the most rebetiko songs is cy.
The country with the most czsk emo rap songs is cz.
The genre swiss house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap abc paulista did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap pernambucano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chicano punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gospel r&b did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most k-indie songs is kr.
The country with the most french soundtrack songs is es.
The country with the most vintage swedish pop songs is se.
The genre traditional ska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre demoscene did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most roots worship songs is sg.
The country with the most thai pop rap songs is th.
The country with the most west-vlaamse hip hop songs is be.
The genre kenyan alternative did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jumptek did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre russian nu metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hopebeat songs is tw.
The genre comedy rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most banda songs is mx.
The country with the most chicago house songs is ar.
The genre russian classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bhangra songs is in.
The genre polish post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep neofolk songs is ph.
The genre convent did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most experimental vocal songs is tw.
The country with the most melodic power metal songs is bg.
The country with the most hip hop songs is ch.
The genre danish punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chinese classical performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica valenciana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most progressive electro house songs is nl.
The country with the most old school hip hop songs is ca.
The country with the most mashup songs is be.
The country with the most meme rap songs is is.
The genre cameroonian hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap capixaba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre taiko did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lithuanian indie songs is lt.
The genre gospel rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ecuadorian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre american post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most boom bap brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most scottish rock songs is gb.
The genre garhwali pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap napoletano songs is it.
The genre pop folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folk-pop songs is at.
The country with the most post-grunge songs is br.
The country with the most new jersey rap songs is ie.
The country with the most arab alternative songs is eg.
The genre dub brasileiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz organ did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most speedrun songs is lu.
The genre spanish classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre free folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap argentino songs is ar.
The genre classical horn did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre free improvisation did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pahadi pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre electro dub did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre zambian gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ukrainian post-punk songs is ua.
The genre german opera did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new wave of speed metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most seemannslieder songs is at.
The country with the most irish indie songs is ie.
The country with the most czech hip hop songs is cz.
The country with the most rock andaluz songs is es.
The country with the most swedish metal songs is fi.
The country with the most classic cantopop songs is hk.
The country with the most polish punk songs is pl.
The genre dutch jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique peule did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most emo rap songs is cz.
The genre country blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre macedonian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mandible did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern big band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bass music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre folklore panameno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most shiver pop songs is at.
The country with the most latin christian songs is gt.
The country with the most classic turkish pop songs is tr.
The genre russian metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre military rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre neo soul-jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish post-punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most viking metal songs is is.
The genre musica popular paraense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vgm remix did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indie folk songs is at.
The country with the most emo rap italiano songs is it.
The country with the most turkce trap metal songs is tr.
The genre baroque ensemble did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic iskelma songs is fi.
The genre fado instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian soundtrack did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese concert band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre barnsagor did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chaabi marocain did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish alternative rock songs is tr.
The genre rotterdam indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vintage norwegian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre danish techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk capixaba songs is br.
The country with the most classic icelandic pop songs is is.
The genre dutch punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bolero mexicano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sung poetry songs is pl.
The country with the most oxford indie songs is us.
The genre tamborazo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most manguebeat songs is br.
The country with the most funk 150 bpm songs is br.
The genre south african gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most outlaw country songs is nz.
The genre lagu sasak did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre draga did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indian instrumental rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ramonescore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre historical keyboard did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish synthpop songs is se.
The country with the most chalga songs is bg.
The genre spanish contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre marrabenta did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most soundtrack songs is sa.
The country with the most swedish fiddle songs is se.
The genre new england metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese dub did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hangpan did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dreampunk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most panamanian indie songs is pa.
The country with the most diva house songs is hu.
The country with the most london rap songs is gb.
The country with the most trap baiano songs is br.
The genre taiwan metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pornogrind did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre western mass indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most yemeni pop songs is eg.
The genre danish contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bronx drill songs is us.
The country with the most rap criolo songs is pt.
The country with the most armenian hip hop songs is nl.
The country with the most rock curitibano songs is br.
The country with the most ecm-style jazz songs is tw.
The country with the most christian afrobeat songs is za.
The genre german choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish synth songs is se.
The genre deep liquid did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre portuguese metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most anime songs is jp.
The genre punk galego did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish reggae songs is se.
The genre czech psychedelic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mandopop songs is tw.
The genre cuban electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica juiz-forana songs is br.
The country with the most neo soul songs is ie.
The genre chattanooga indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre drone psych did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musiikkia lapista did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre disney portugues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre persian traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most high vibe songs is eg.
The country with the most dark techno songs is bg.
The genre gbvfi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bulgarian hip hop songs is bg.
The genre japanese vtuber did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tin pan alley did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most australian electropop songs is au.
The genre toronto indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most danish hip hop songs is dk.
The country with the most musique mariage algerien songs is ma.
The country with the most italian electronica songs is it.
The country with the most czsk hyperpop songs is sk.
The genre czech country did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre electro trash did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mainland chinese pop songs is tw.
The genre zambian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap conciencia songs is es.
The country with the most maluku pop songs is nl.
The genre griot did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica angolana songs is pt.
The genre pipa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre 8-bit did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most austrian pop songs is at.
The genre japanese psychedelic rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most jordanian pop songs is eg.
The country with the most paraguayan indie songs is py.
The country with the most brit funk songs is id.
The genre string quartet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish drill songs is fi.
The country with the most doujin songs is in.
The country with the most korean electropop songs is kr.
The country with the most chinese indie pop songs is tw.
The genre ugandan pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most modern reggae songs is cr.
The genre guatemalan indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre telugu worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most suomi rock songs is fi.
The country with the most kazakh hip hop songs is ru.
The country with the most pop electronico songs is cl.
The country with the most trap beats songs is de.
The country with the most canadian punk songs is hu.
The genre rock sergipano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese vgm songs is sa.
The genre bebop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre historic piano performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre outer hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vintage schlager songs is at.
The country with the most indie tico songs is at.
The country with the most deep rai songs is ma.
The country with the most gengetone songs is za.
The genre afrikaans folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dansk comedy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german jazz rap songs is de.
The genre deutschrock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop catracho songs is hn.
The country with the most australian pop songs is au.
The country with the most indonesian idol pop songs is id.
The country with the most southern soul songs is gb.
The genre deep indie singer-songwriter did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre industrial hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chill pop songs is be.
The country with the most danish rock songs is dk.
The country with the most magyar trap songs is hu.
The country with the most flamenco urbano songs is es.
The genre japanese hyperpop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alternative r&b songs is us.
The genre indiana hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre boeremusiek did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spanish indie folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre synthetic classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most svensk progg songs is se.
The genre pakistani rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most viral pop songs is es.
The genre uppsala indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dirty texas rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica popular colombiana songs is co.
The country with the most kent indie songs is de.
The country with the most pakistani folk songs is in.
The country with the most memphis soul songs is gb.
The genre musica evangelica instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre oc rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most final fantasy songs is sa.
The country with the most uk alternative pop songs is us.
The genre san antonio rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre son cubano clasico did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classical songs is it.
The genre finnish power metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rif songs is ua.
The genre background music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indietronica songs is au.
The country with the most san marcos tx indie songs is at.
The country with the most canzone d'autore songs is it.
The genre musikkorps did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre piada did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre norwegian punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre scottish indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap catarinense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk house songs is gb.
The genre country boogie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indonesian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre steel guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre russian modern jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique mandingue did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica santomense songs is pt.
The country with the most sophisti-pop songs is au.
The country with the most slovak folk songs is sk.
The country with the most laulaja-lauluntekija songs is fi.
The country with the most folk rock songs is ca.
The country with the most indian rock songs is in.
The country with the most traphall songs is cr.
The country with the most latinx alternative songs is id.
The genre canterbury scene did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uzbek pop songs is ee.
The genre cantaditas did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latin worship songs is gt.
The genre opera chorus did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic kollywood did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indian indie songs is in.
The genre bagpipe marching band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap siciliano songs is it.
The country with the most battle rap songs is ro.
The country with the most musica nublensina songs is cl.
The genre korean punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre horrorcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre makina did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre burkinabe pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vintage tango did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turin indie songs is it.
The genre hindustani vocal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre breton folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic malaysian pop songs is my.
The country with the most north carolina hip hop songs is us.
The genre florida death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical trumpet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre drill beats did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre afrobeat fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most karadeniz turkuleri songs is tr.
The genre musica lombarda did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian emo rap songs is ru.
The country with the most classic arab pop songs is eg.
The country with the most hard bass songs is ru.
The genre shamanic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latin jazz songs is pa.
The country with the most rock independant francais songs is fr.
The country with the most rave songs is br.
The genre aarhus indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian americana songs is no.
The country with the most german metal songs is cy.
The country with the most korean indie rock songs is kr.
The genre classic bhangra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most manchester hip hop songs is gb.
The country with the most braindance songs is tw.
The genre salsa cristiana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap feminino nacional songs is br.
The country with the most palestinian hip hop songs is eg.
The genre japanese indie folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most punta rock songs is hn.
The country with the most psychedelic soul songs is at.
The genre liechtenstein did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre czech classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polish indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lo-fi product did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most arab trap songs is in.
The genre naija old school did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most balkan hip hop songs is at.
The genre magyar musicalek did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian lounge songs is it.
The genre sarod did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vintage chinese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most czech rock songs is cz.
The country with the most pop ambient songs is at.
The country with the most j-pop songs is jp.
The genre spanish renaissance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre victorian britain did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gaian doom did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian underground hip hop songs is it.
The genre lagu tarling did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre 21st century classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cumbia boliviana songs is bo.
The country with the most proto-metal songs is ar.
The country with the most classic indo pop songs is id.
The country with the most rap underground espanol songs is es.
The genre elephant 6 did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most zouk riddim songs is fr.
The country with the most hard rock songs is ca.
The genre musica sul-mato-grossense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most volkspop songs is at.
The genre harp did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ukulele cover did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most slovak trap songs is sk.
The genre argentine indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kenyan drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tavern did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hokkaido indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre euskal metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk experimental electronic songs is pl.
The genre memphis blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most italian tech house songs is it.
The genre nordic classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre finnish electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap latina songs is ar.
The genre israeli punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spanish experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre oth indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most belgian indie songs is be.
The country with the most icelandic electronic songs is is.
The country with the most antiviral pop songs is hu.
The country with the most jam band songs is us.
The genre crossover thrash did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock nacional songs is ar.
The country with the most dominican pop songs is do.
The country with the most rhode island rap songs is lu.
The genre malaysian traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre queercore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cumbia ranchera songs is cl.
The country with the most german baroque songs is at.
The genre dutch disney did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brain waves did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian reggae songs is ru.
The country with the most greek guitar songs is cy.
The genre chinese folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alternative rock songs is pl.
The genre huayno peruano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most jamaican dancehall songs is cr.
The country with the most classic rock songs is ca.
The country with the most alternative hip hop songs is gb.
The country with the most danseband songs is no.
The country with the most jamaican hip hop songs is cr.
The country with the most huapango songs is gt.
The genre nova canco did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian alternative rock songs is no.
The genre hazaragi pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electro songs is lt.
The country with the most jewish pop songs is il.
The country with the most bernu dziesmas songs is lv.
The genre melodic progressive metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop teen brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most sufi songs is in.
The genre powwow did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep psytrance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre plugg francais did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern swing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dc hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre austrian dnb did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre detroit indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indie pop rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre progressive jazz fusion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brass band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre vogue did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kazakh indie songs is ua.
The country with the most contemporary country songs is us.
The genre j-ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most post-screamo songs is us.
The country with the most musica hondurena songs is hn.
The genre orquesta tropical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre botswana hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most spa songs is es.
The genre quatuor a cordes did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trot songs is sg.
The genre modern uplift did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian pop songs is no.
The country with the most lounge songs is hu.
The country with the most icelandic post-punk songs is ee.
The genre plunderphonics did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian electronic songs is lv.
The country with the most classic greek pop songs is gr.
The genre pennsylvania hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german show tunes songs is tr.
The country with the most reggaeton cristiano songs is gt.
The country with the most rap rock songs is br.
The genre geek rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish idol pop songs is fi.
The country with the most praise songs is ph.
The genre arab experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean trap songs is kr.
The genre japanoise did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tamil devotional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british country did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nyc rap songs is us.
The country with the most reggaeton chileno songs is cl.
The country with the most dancehall queen songs is cr.
The country with the most zouglou songs is be.
The country with the most new age piano songs is hu.
The country with the most boogaloo songs is pa.
The country with the most j-punk songs is jp.
The genre abstract beats did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre murga did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre piedmont blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german r&b songs is de.
The country with the most romanian metal songs is ro.
The genre cook islands pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hong kong indie songs is hk.
The country with the most drum and bass songs is gb.
The country with the most ninja songs is lt.
The country with the most chicago bop songs is us.
The genre marathi traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy edm songs is ph.
The genre classical soprano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most dansband songs is se.
The genre kenyan hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bern indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chutney songs is in.
The country with the most finlandssvenska musik songs is fi.
The country with the most canadian country songs is ca.
The genre medieval folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dutch classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish soul songs is fi.
The country with the most canadian indigenous hip hop songs is ca.
The genre scottish indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polyphony did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hungarian underground rap songs is hu.
The genre manitoba country did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre shakuhachi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre connecticut hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most seattle hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most classic romanian pop songs is ro.
The country with the most glam metal songs is ca.
The country with the most k-rock songs is kr.
The country with the most modern alternative rock songs is pl.
The genre h8000 did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most new french touch songs is fr.
The country with the most grunge songs is ca.
The country with the most turkish psych songs is tr.
The country with the most japanese classical songs is sa.
The country with the most funk consciente songs is br.
The country with the most lithuanian pop songs is lt.
The country with the most sheilat songs is sa.
The country with the most discofox songs is de.
The country with the most ontario indie songs is ca.
The country with the most ambient folk songs is tw.
The country with the most russian trap songs is ru.
The country with the most new orleans jazz songs is us.
The genre mexican experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pakistani electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cambridgeshire indie songs is fr.
The country with the most bomba songs is pa.
The country with the most j-rock songs is jp.
The country with the most goralski songs is pl.
The genre vincy soca did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most czech pop rock songs is cz.
The genre rap sergipano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre leon gto indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chinese jazz songs is tw.
The genre spanish electropop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bachata dominicana songs is do.
The genre korean classical performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most house songs is lt.
The genre jazz clarinet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most singaporean hip hop songs is my.
The country with the most singaporean electronic songs is sg.
The genre louisville underground did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most emo trap italiana songs is it.
The country with the most new weird finland songs is cy.
The country with the most brazilian indie songs is br.
The country with the most dance pop songs is fi.
The country with the most balkan trap songs is at.
The genre musica sinfonica did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre grime brasileiro did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bemani songs is fi.
The genre old school hard trance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre boston folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre namibian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most veracruz indie songs is ar.
The genre rock tico did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vietnamese pop songs is vn.
The country with the most neo r&b songs is gb.
The country with the most dutch rap pop songs is nl.
The genre garifuna folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish tropical house songs is se.
The country with the most impressionism songs is fi.
The country with the most chillhop songs is sa.
The genre latino comedy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian metal songs is bg.
The country with the most cincinnati rap songs is at.
The country with the most surf punk songs is us.
The country with the most kolsche karneval songs is de.
The genre fingerstyle did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mindfulness did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre mexican traditional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ukrainian rock songs is ua.
The genre eastern bloc groove did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hyperpop en espanol songs is es.
The country with the most arabesk songs is tr.
The country with the most kentucky hip hop songs is gb.
The country with the most nordnorsk musikk songs is no.
The genre gamecore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre haitian dance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap ecuatoriano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most progressive metal songs is fi.
The genre afro-cuban percussion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy trap songs is ph.
The country with the most swedish drill songs is se.
The genre experimental guitar did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bouncy house songs is ie.
The genre mexican hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic uk pop songs is gb.
The genre jazz chileno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap tico songs is cr.
The genre spacesynth did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most greenlandic pop songs is dk.
The country with the most dominican indie songs is ec.
The country with the most sped up songs is sa.
The country with the most r&b brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most art rock songs is gb.
The country with the most dutch trance songs is fi.
The country with the most thai teen pop songs is th.
The country with the most malaysian mandopop songs is tw.
The country with the most christlicher rap songs is at.
The country with the most waiata maori songs is nz.
The genre ukrainian choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nisiotika did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bornesange songs is dk.
The country with the most trance songs is il.
The genre classic australian country did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap angolano songs is pt.
The country with the most boom bap espanol songs is es.
The country with the most portuguese pop songs is pt.
The country with the most new americana songs is tw.
The country with the most hyperpop songs is ua.
The country with the most muzica etno songs is ro.
The country with the most chinese audiophile songs is tw.
The genre montenegrin pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most taiwan idol pop songs is tw.
The genre classical mandolin did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre asbury park indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kelowna bc indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most minimal techno songs is at.
The country with the most latin afrobeat songs is ar.
The country with the most australian metalcore songs is au.
The country with the most new rave songs is au.
The genre house argentino did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indie boliviano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cantautor songs is es.
The genre classic tollywood did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hardingfele did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bulgarian trap songs is bg.
The genre country gospel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz dominicano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most latin talent show songs is es.
The country with the most lovers rock songs is cr.
The genre english renaissance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica popular amazonense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hakkapop songs is tw.
The country with the most modern blues rock songs is sk.
The country with the most cabaret songs is nl.
The genre future rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre talentos brasileiros did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pinoy rock songs is ph.
The country with the most chicha songs is cl.
The country with the most fnaf songs is hu.
The country with the most musica andina colombiana songs is co.
The country with the most experimental pop songs is mx.
The country with the most pakistani hip hop songs is in.
The genre genshin did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most azontobeats songs is za.
The country with the most soviet synthpop songs is ua.
The genre punk colombiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap calme songs is fr.
The country with the most ghanaian hip hop songs is ch.
The genre croatian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre folklore boliviano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most russian grime songs is ru.
The country with the most argentine reggae songs is ar.
The country with the most viral trap songs is us.
The genre drill and bass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most new wave pop songs is ie.
The genre vermont indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folk metal songs is ro.
The country with the most russian alternative rock songs is ru.
The country with the most big room songs is se.
The country with the most tvog songs is at.
The genre classical string trio did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kermis songs is nl.
The genre swedish rockabilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most french dnb songs is ee.
The country with the most basshall songs is nl.
The genre south dakota indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sound team did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre bangladeshi rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre lo-fi vgm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vegan straight edge songs is pl.
The country with the most new wave songs is ie.
The genre baja indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mundart songs is ch.
The genre musica guineense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre latvian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica tabasquena did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mississippi hip hop songs is us.
The country with the most comic songs is at.
The country with the most irish electronic songs is ie.
The genre japanese edm did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre malayalam worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most festigal songs is il.
The genre slovenian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gambian hip hop songs is gb.
The genre violao did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian indie folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish death metal songs is fi.
The country with the most classic schlager songs is at.
The genre radio symphony did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swiss techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre disney norsk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most afghan pop songs is in.
The genre milwaukee indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre welsh indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap uruguayo songs is uy.
The genre english baroque did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new england emo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most tejano songs is mx.
The country with the most cumbia songs is uy.
The country with the most old school atlanta hip hop songs is us.
The genre bush ballad did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most maltese hip hop songs is ee.
The genre mega funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep flow songs is us.
The genre swedish metalcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most gothic metal songs is fi.
The country with the most shatta songs is cr.
The genre canadian rockabilly did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nordic contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most magyar alternative songs is hu.
The genre trance mexicano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre aggrotech did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spanish folk rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre supergroup did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre folklore nuevo argentino did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most experimental bass songs is at.
The country with the most hamburg hip hop songs is de.
The country with the most uk metalcore songs is us.
The country with the most witch house songs is ru.
The country with the most easy listening songs is hu.
The country with the most drikkelek songs is no.
The genre korean superband did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norwegian folk songs is no.
The country with the most pop virale italiano songs is it.
The country with the most russian underground rap songs is ru.
The genre bozlak did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most polish old school hip hop songs is pl.
The genre beninese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese garage rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre crust punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cumbia del sureste songs is gt.
The country with the most australian hip hop songs is au.
The country with the most modern rock songs is gb.
The genre belgian new wave did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most puerto rican rock songs is ar.
The genre neo-kraut did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most modern hard rock songs is gb.
The country with the most pop urbaine songs is fr.
The genre wagnerian singing did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most country rock songs is us.
The genre bouzouki did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norteno songs is mx.
The country with the most french indietronica songs is fr.
The country with the most spanish new wave songs is es.
The country with the most israeli pop songs is il.
The country with the most bulgarian pop songs is bg.
The country with the most estonian rock songs is ee.
The country with the most birmingham hip hop songs is gb.
The country with the most electronic rock songs is se.
The country with the most christchurch indie songs is nz.
The country with the most modern southern rock songs is ca.
The country with the most washington indie songs is us.
The genre historic classical performance did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre instrumental post-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chopped and screwed did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most leipzig indie songs is at.
The country with the most world songs is za.
The country with the most english indie rock songs is gb.
The genre tzadik did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica gaucha tradicionalista did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most welsh rock songs is gb.
The genre nz metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian progressive metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ann arbor indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre barnasogur did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental psych did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nouvelle chanson francaise songs is fr.
The genre bouyon did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german power metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre australian choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most filter house songs is fr.
The country with the most afroswing songs is gb.
The country with the most zhongguo feng songs is hk.
The country with the most brill building pop songs is gb.
The genre punk 'n' roll did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese dream pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre igbo pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rhythm game did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tamil worship did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre south sudanese pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep turkish pop songs is tr.
The genre american choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bow pop songs is it.
The country with the most finnish classical songs is fi.
The genre british experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most disney suomi songs is fi.
The country with the most russian pop punk songs is ru.
The genre african percussion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most world worship songs is za.
The country with the most buffalo hip hop songs is us.
The genre jazz quartet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most laiko songs is gr.
The country with the most rockabilly songs is gb.
The genre spanish indie rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nederpop songs is nl.
The genre cumbia surena did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musicas espiritas did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most irish indie rock songs is ie.
The genre university choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre shush did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep euro house songs is hu.
The country with the most musica mexicana songs is mx.
The country with the most baroque songs is gb.
The country with the most macedonian pop songs is bg.
The country with the most turkish edm songs is tr.
The genre manchester indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lata songs is se.
The country with the most russian hip hop songs is ru.
The country with the most australian indie songs is au.
The country with the most japanese alternative rock songs is jp.
The country with the most musica tradicional dominicana songs is do.
The genre springfield mo indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop rock songs is my.
The country with the most finnish reggae songs is fi.
The country with the most funk das antigas songs is br.
The genre jazz brass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre old school highlife did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish trap songs is se.
The country with the most norwegian house songs is no.
The country with the most classic mandopop songs is tw.
The genre viola caipira did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rosary did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swedish techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british math rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nwocr did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musica mato-grossense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre zimdancehall did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre power blues-rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre burundian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most yodeling songs is us.
The country with the most channel islands indie songs is gb.
The genre naat did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre fictitious orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cumbia salvadorena songs is sv.
The country with the most classic peruvian pop songs is pe.
The country with the most french indie folk songs is fr.
The genre canadian house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian punk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classic dutch pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most talentkonkurranse songs is no.
The country with the most anthem worship songs is gb.
The genre dutch prog did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap dominicano songs is do.
The country with the most colombian pop songs is co.
The country with the most black americana songs is ca.
The country with the most russian synthpop songs is ru.
The genre corridos cristianos did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre black 'n' roll did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most slowed and reverb songs is it.
The genre bakersfield sound did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica nicaraguense songs is ni.
The genre protest folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese bedroom pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre minneapolis indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kodomo no ongaku did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chinese manyao did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep italo disco did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese celtic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre korean hyperpop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre soulful house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most polish indie songs is pl.
The genre techno kayo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most western americana songs is tr.
The country with the most tropical house songs is lt.
The country with the most uk funky songs is gb.
The country with the most dubsteppe songs is ph.
The country with the most maghreb songs is ma.
The genre puglia indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hungarian hip hop songs is hu.
The country with the most armenian folk songs is ee.
The genre honky-tonk piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new isolationism did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most korean electronic songs is id.
The genre rhode island indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cancion infantil latinoamericana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre spytrack did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most estonian hip hop songs is ee.
The country with the most rap genovese songs is it.
The country with the most macedonian hip hop songs is bg.
The country with the most south african pop songs is za.
The country with the most tunisian pop songs is ma.
The country with the most nordic house songs is no.
The country with the most afrobeat brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most lds youth songs is cz.
The country with the most classic dubstep songs is th.
The genre folclore castilla y leon did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most abstract songs is de.
The genre dennery segment did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most israeli trap songs is il.
The genre manipuri pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock viet songs is vn.
The genre sacred steel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cybergrind did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre christian hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most turkish trap pop songs is tr.
The genre metal paraguayo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most champeta songs is co.
The country with the most nashville sound songs is se.
The genre iranian experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most lebanese pop songs is eg.
The genre swiss black metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most britpop songs is gb.
The country with the most hardwave songs is sa.
The country with the most soca songs is ca.
The country with the most deep folk metal songs is is.
The country with the most rap politico songs is es.
The country with the most bounce songs is fi.
The country with the most lo-fi songs is vn.
The genre aberdeen indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre washboard did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre nueva trova chilena did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most nz hip hop songs is nz.
The genre instrumental surf did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre acoustic guitar cover did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre musique soninke did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bedroom pop songs is id.
The genre humour francais did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most euphoric hardstyle songs is nl.
The country with the most future bass songs is ca.
The genre ghettotech did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most junior eurovision songs is pl.
The country with the most swedish eurodance songs is se.
The country with the most cape town indie songs is za.
The country with the most south african trap songs is za.
The genre classic japanese jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre grim death metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pashto pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most electronica argentina songs is ar.
The country with the most early romantic era songs is at.
The country with the most weirdcore songs is us.
The country with the most indie nica songs is ni.
The genre leeds indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most salzburg indie songs is at.
The country with the most shibuya-kei songs is jp.
The genre accordion did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sky room songs is lv.
The genre cambodian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre old-time fiddle did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canto popular uruguayo songs is uy.
The country with the most austropop songs is at.
The genre c64 did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre balkan drill did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre organic ambient did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre disney espanol did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre reggae cover did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alternative country songs is tr.
The genre japanese house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ethio-jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most beatlesque songs is gb.
The genre vlaamse cabaret did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian occult psychedelia did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk post-punk songs is ar.
The country with the most israeli hip hop songs is il.
The genre geinin song did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre warrington indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most ska espanol songs is es.
The country with the most indonesian folk pop songs is id.
The country with the most indie liguria songs is it.
The genre alabama indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre baroque woodwind did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cumbia colombiana regia did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most kosovan pop songs is ch.
The genre rock quebecois did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre acousmatic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new jersey indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most khaliji songs is sa.
The country with the most alaska indie songs is ph.
The genre musica cabo-verdiana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most portuguese indie songs is pt.
The country with the most acoustic cover songs is ph.
The genre psybass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most hardcore songs is gb.
The genre australian techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre italian blues did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most neomelodici songs is it.
The genre military band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre zydeco did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre modern goth did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre dub product did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bubblegum dance songs is fi.
The country with the most pop venezolano songs is pe.
The genre anthem emo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folklore uruguayo songs is uy.
The genre world devotional did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre christian uplift did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most romanian indie songs is lu.
The country with the most gypsy punk songs is ua.
The country with the most oriental metal songs is tr.
The country with the most oyun havasi songs is cy.
The genre lancashire indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musica paraibana songs is br.
The country with the most lo-fi beats songs is sa.
The country with the most rumba catalana songs is ar.
The genre musica antigua did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vietnamese bolero songs is vn.
The country with the most candy pop songs is gb.
The country with the most baton rouge rap songs is us.
The genre gyerekdalok did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre binaural did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most g funk songs is ca.
The genre progressive alternative did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre belgian jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most sleep songs is hk.
The genre kc indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most k-pop boy group songs is tw.
The country with the most post-minimalism songs is no.
The country with the most chinese singer-songwriter songs is tw.
The country with the most classical tenor songs is it.
The country with the most mariachi songs is mx.
The country with the most greek hip hop songs is gr.
The genre choral did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep latin alternative did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre new orleans funk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rock kapak songs is my.
The country with the most indie pop rap songs is ca.
The country with the most panamanian rock songs is pa.
The country with the most gospel songs is br.
The genre wu fam did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ambient pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most musiikkia lapsille songs is fi.
The country with the most okinawan pop songs is jp.
The country with the most trap italiana songs is it.
The country with the most cumbia uruguaya songs is uy.
The country with the most musik anak-anak songs is id.
The genre italo beats did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre experimental rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre colombian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most metalcore songs is us.
The country with the most rap antillais songs is fr.
The country with the most experimental r&b songs is au.
The country with the most rumba congolaise songs is fr.
The country with the most emo songs is cz.
The country with the most taiwan indie songs is tw.
The country with the most a cappella songs is hu.
The genre tribute did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cuatro puertorriqueno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cumbia ecuatoriana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most salsa songs is co.
The country with the most melodic drill songs is gb.
The country with the most lao pop songs is th.
The genre viet instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop costarricense songs is cr.
The country with the most commons songs is de.
The genre mallet did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre glitch pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre whale song did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most mexican hip hop songs is mx.
The genre electronica venezuela did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre california hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre georgian polyphony did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre indonesian electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chinese classical piano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most boy band songs is gb.
The country with the most celtic rock songs is at.
The country with the most kurdish hip hop songs is at.
The genre disney polska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre czech jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre brazilian soul did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre british electroacoustic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most circuit songs is co.
The country with the most gypsy jazz songs is us.
The country with the most grime songs is gb.
The country with the most nueva musica mexicana songs is mx.
The genre wrestling did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre kompa did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vietnamese melodic rap songs is vn.
The genre dutch underground hip hop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chamber orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bomba y plena songs is pa.
The genre vintage hawaiian did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre ok indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre stl indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most canadian latin songs is no.
The country with the most latin rock songs is ar.
The country with the most ghazal songs is in.
The country with the most azonto songs is za.
The country with the most techno songs is at.
The genre italian mezzo-soprano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most japanese punk rock songs is jp.
The country with the most straight edge songs is pl.
The genre electroclash did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most cameroonian pop songs is za.
The country with the most lithuanian edm songs is lt.
The country with the most christelijk songs is no.
The genre german ska did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre pohadky did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hindustani instrumental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sesame street did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre jazz vibraphone did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre japanese experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indian lo-fi songs is in.
The country with the most argentine hip hop songs is ar.
The country with the most karadeniz pop songs is tr.
The country with the most argentine ambient songs is sa.
The genre persian rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most deep big room songs is sg.
The country with the most gypsy songs is ua.
The country with the most greek rock songs is gr.
The country with the most leicester indie songs is gb.
The country with the most danish singer-songwriter songs is dk.
The genre british comedy did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most argentine punk songs is ar.
The genre portland indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre black thrash did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most german hip hop songs is de.
The country with the most merengue songs is do.
The genre denpa-kei did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most indonesian reggae songs is id.
The genre atmosphere did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre northeast indian indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most finnish hard rock songs is fi.
The country with the most disco songs is pl.
The genre mod revival did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre old-time did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chennai indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre acid jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre roda de samba did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre hardcore breaks did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap liegeois songs is fr.
The country with the most glitchcore songs is ee.
The country with the most rock alternativo brasileiro songs is br.
The country with the most arab groove songs is eg.
The genre brass ensemble did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre chabad niggunim did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most norske viser songs is no.
The genre neotango did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre progressive breaks did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pluggnb songs is us.
The country with the most nova musica carioca songs is br.
The country with the most rome indie songs is it.
The genre deep smooth jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most christian hip hop songs is lt.
The country with the most indie salvadoreno songs is sv.
The genre nopixel did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre didgeridoo did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap angolano songs is pt.
The country with the most houston rap songs is us.
The genre belgian modern jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre gwoka did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cornwall indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre latin tech house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rap sureno chileno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most folklore peruano songs is pe.
The genre mexican techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic hardstyle songs is nl.
The genre michigan indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre marimba mexicana did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most timba songs is pe.
The country with the most finnish dance pop songs is fi.
The country with the most irish pop songs is ie.
The country with the most indie surf songs is lv.
The genre salon music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre french contemporary classical did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre komedi did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre polish choir did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep christian rock did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre frankfurt electronic did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tex-mex did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sega mauricien did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap mineiro songs is br.
The country with the most oldschool deutschrap songs is de.
The genre jazz orchestra did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most modern folk rock songs is ca.
The genre ethiopian pop did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish punk songs is se.
The country with the most teen pop songs is my.
The country with the most progressive thrash songs is fi.
The country with the most nashville americana songs is ca.
The genre german literature did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre american early music did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre us power metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre swiss indie folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap tunisien songs is ma.
The country with the most minimal tech house songs is gb.
The country with the most afrobeat songs is ar.
The country with the most scottish techno songs is gb.
The genre prague indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most chill guitar songs is vn.
The genre early reggae did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk alternative hip hop songs is gb.
The country with the most eurovision songs is lt.
The country with the most metal songs is fi.
The country with the most russian punk songs is ru.
The country with the most pinoy alternative rap songs is ph.
The country with the most swedish pop rap songs is se.
The genre modular techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most punta songs is hn.
The country with the most viet lo-fi songs is vn.
The genre jazz puertorriqueno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre speed up turkce did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre deep hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most vapor pop songs is hk.
The genre tempe indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre folklore veracruzano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most egyptian hip hop songs is eg.
The country with the most cancion melodica songs is mx.
The country with the most college a cappella songs is hu.
The country with the most folclore santiagueno songs is ar.
The country with the most polish rock songs is pl.
The country with the most rap motywacja songs is pl.
The genre psalmen did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre canadian modern jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish indie pop songs is se.
The country with the most trip hop songs is lt.
The country with the most greek pop songs is gr.
The genre rap paranaense did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre classical bassoon did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tierra caliente did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most alt z songs is ca.
The country with the most strut songs is lu.
The genre geek folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most funk mtg songs is br.
The country with the most thai idol songs is th.
The genre rennes indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most classic danish pop songs is dk.
The genre musica yucateca did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre german post-hardcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre yogyakarta indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre terrorcore did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rumba songs is es.
The country with the most birmingham grime songs is gb.
The genre gospel antigas did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rock gaucho did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most rap baixada fluminense songs is br.
The genre catalan folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most g-house songs is lt.
The genre brazilian tech house did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most balearic songs is it.
The country with the most rap algerien songs is ma.
The country with the most bmore songs is cr.
The genre psicodelia chilena did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most trap pesado songs is br.
The genre jazz colombiano did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre sambass did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most swedish electropop songs is se.
The genre college marching band did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most french jazz songs is bg.
The country with the most psychedelic rock songs is fr.
The genre japanese techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre rajasthani folk did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most icelandic punk songs is is.
The country with the most kleinkunst songs is be.
The country with the most slovak punk songs is sk.
The country with the most deep adult standards songs is nl.
The genre chilean metal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre guitarra andina did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most uk dancehall songs is gb.
The genre indie jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre medieval ensemble did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre cartoni animati did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre irish techno did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre taiwan experimental did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most album rock songs is pl.
The country with the most piseiro songs is br.
The genre samba-jazz did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most bossa nova songs is br.
The genre rominimal did not go into any nation's top charts.
The genre tassie indie did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most drill espanol songs is es.
The country with the most turkce kadin rap songs is tr.
The country with the most galician folk songs is es.
The country with the most indie extremena songs is es.
The genre texas latin rap did not go into any nation's top charts.
The country with the most pop r&b songs is ca.
The country with the most jazztronica songs is jp.
The genre svensk lovsang did not go into any nation's top charts.

The most popular country is ch.
